wow... it turns out that the israel u20 team wasn't that violent... what a pity
if u20 in bali rejected because there is israel. why anoc wbg there is an Israeli contingent allowed boss?? I'm sure the contingents will quickly wear their state attributes. red bull bull
a political communication expert accused fifa of canceling u20 indonesia due to the israel team's rejection by the two governors because fifa did not understand that our country's system is not federal so what? yes it gets worse if you understand the republic but there are conflicting policies between the governor and the president
"In fact thinking luckily it didn't win the U20 World Cup Indonesia could be embarrassed if there was rioting at a stadium where Israel was present"
what's wrong with your quality you don't deserve to play in the U20 world cup you don't have to exaggerate our constitution clearly prohibits it (the arrival of Israel) and many other factors just be aware that you should use a red ribbon that must be used as a symbol in 5 years of course it will
"What should I do? Israel is at war? What's the benefit? The Jews crucified Jesus. Support Israel/Jews if the actions are good if not let God be the one to blame. Don't support blindly but sacrifice people in this country who have dreams like yesterday"
the pdip and gp decisions were very correct by rejecting the u20 world cup. because the people in this country are not yet fully human in accepting defeat.. if Israel were to become a victim we might be hit by a missile. because the constitution of their country attacked the people the same as their country was attacked.
"further proves that the failure of the U20 world cup was not due to "Israel's refusal" but because the government or PSSI were not prepared and political."
Imagine if the U20 team lost to Israel
"Where are the Yahya &amp; Yakut brothers Israel hasn't been taught how much tolerance this is. Where did the u20 ball support Israel go yesterday?"
"This is Israel do you still want them to appear in the U20 world cup? They should be boycotted not the excuse of not mixing football with politics you idiot!"
"The U20 World Cup failed to be held because we defended Palestine by rejecting Israel but our citizens became victims of the perpetrators who we defended for their independence stunned!!!"
erickthohirnews| Israeli media praises FIFA after crossing out Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup | rise togetheret
"U20's rejection of the Israeli team in it is even more reasonable. May Allah always protect this nation."
"In setting up the body to ban Israel from coming to play U20 no one is putting their bodies on the road like a puddle that is seen every day."
"FIFA canceled U20 here that's why our spectators are still tacky. Especially if Israel vs Indonesia for example our U20 team loses it could be tacky spectators plus radical Islam take to the field shouting ""takbir"" and attacking the Israeli team. I'm sorry"
further clarifies that the cancellation of the u20 world cup was not because of israel but because the venue and committee were unprepared.. israel's rejection was just a drama from pdip
"Perhaps Gubbali's opinion supports AWBG where there are Israeli athletes because the spectators/ fans of the sport are not very enthusiastic otherwise with football the audience will definitely increase because the U20 World Cup is only being held in Indonesia for the first time so the problem is security considerations"
just building supporters PSSI can't afford it. then made the act of rejecting Israel as a scapegoat for the failure to host the u20 world cup.??
"If we interpret the decline in GP electability as a result of his rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team this shows that the survey so far has been a dubious matter. Because it means that those who have been surveyed many times and are always above by various correspondent survey groups are just that"
"Having rejected Israel in the U20 World Cup Koster now supports the Anoc World Beach Games 2023 in Bali"
"My prediction that the case of the Israeli team's refusal to participate in the U20 World Cup did not have a significant impact on the decline in Ganjar's electability proved correct. The latest SMRC survey found that Ganjar was back in first place with 26.8% Prabowo 25.4% & Anies 16 7%."
"It must be admitted there are so many insinuations in the U20 case. None of them have increased reporting. Of course there are many harsh words compared to Lampung figures. Still the U20 case only clarifies Indonesia's position in ln towards Israel. There is no interference with ID vs Israel trade"
I thought that like you who rejected the Israeli team at U20 Israel could still play at U20 it was the Indonesian team that failed to play at U20 Wes why do you think????
"Considering the arrests of Uzbeks by Densus 88 direct and indirect refusal to pay for the Israeli national team has prevented Indonesia from being ridden by terrorists in the U20 World Cup event. No debate."
"I think it's only appropriate if you remain silent rejecting Israel's U20. behind England Euro Singapore Australia there are Americans behind America cs there are Jews"
I think it's very consistent with the silence against Israel's U20 even though they are wearing Palestinian scarves
hahahaha.. the governor only wants to kill Indonesian football... that's why only at the U20 World Cup did he ban Israeli athletes/national teams. while at other sporting events?? still allow Israeli athletes to come..
It's the turn of the U20 soccer sport to refuse if Israeli athletes don't play
"Then have we asked the Israeli U20 football players? What and what do they think? We are like judges bringing death which is so scary but becomes a downturn.. aaahhkk walk from Jogja to Jakarta"
"certainly the rejection of the israel national team in the u20 world cup on political grounds carrying out the mandate/constitution of the proclaimer is just an alibi especially on June 1 you don't want to use it for a party with the red group"
"Still believe that the U20 failed just because the governor rejected Israel? wow Qatar clearly rejects lgbt and FIFA also agrees.. indeed Indonesia isn't ready yet and doesn't have any power to bid so it just so happened that party cadres made a mistake"
inconsistent koster...reject Israel at u20..but ora opo2 israel at world beach games...preeet
seeing the electability of the party that has fallen after the rejection of Israel's presence in the u20 world cup hastily corrected the policy it is very clear that the interests of political parties and groups are above the interests of the state
"It's a disgrace the Indonesian National News Agency between was not careful in reporting provoked the people of the Republic of Indonesia to be hostile to other nations. So it's no wonder that the Republic of Indonesia was canceled from hosting the U20 FIFA because it rejected the Israeli U20 national team which qualified."
"Didn't yesterday the chairman of the red party said yes if you don't want to use their event so maybe he asked his cadres who happened to be governors to reject the u20 world cup with the Israeli issue"
maha true bull with all its congor.. u20 world cup: reject the israel national team because it violates the constitution. world beach bali : it's okay because it's according to the constitution. actually the bull is the reason for the constitution what reason is it because of jokowi?
"Come on where will your voice be rewarded regarding the Israeli team at the World Beach Games - Bali.. As guardians of the constitution you must have the courage to voice your opinion without waiting for the mbok's orders especially the president.. don't just dare to trip on u20.."
Waiting for news from the hypocritical organizations and parties yesterday who fiercely rejected Israel U20
"Still believe in the cancellation of the World Cup because of Israel's rejection?? If only there was no raising of the Israeli flag and song the U20 World Cup should also be able to. Cancellation because it failed to carry out transformations since the Kanjuruhan incident.."
wayan koster mencla-mencle....why didn't Israel accept the U20 World Cup in Indonesia from the beginning. huuu...ra death babar blaassssss...!
Where is it that you Koar Koar rejected the Israel U20 National Team? let's make this object lively
"Why wasn't this done during the U20 World Cup everything can be communicated & conditioned Israel understands that don't be party egos &amp; want the pragmatic elite to be the reference this is why Indonesia is at stake and that's why the people are angry."
"Football attention is greater than other sports so try to disrupt the U20 World Cup event with the theme of rejection of Israeli participants (while there are spices). Israel's issue is like selling religion whoever is loud can attract the majority of supporters."
two sides of the wayan koster. reject israel in world cup u20 support world beach games in israel. political?
"out of the context of road repairs. I want to ask what reason did you have for rejecting Israel's participation in the U20 when Indonesia was already set to host?"
"Ma'am Israel is taking part in the World Beach Games Bali championship you know ma'am it isn't rejected or commented on like the U20 World Cup"
"Waiting for the cooking demonstrations for new product demos strong drug demonstrations and dildos for the crazy demos of the parties who yesterday threatened if U20 Israel came to Indonesia or already got the year so they are busy shopping"
"fifa wc u20 has israel waycos is the same as unconstitutional.... awbg there is israel waycos is the same as bali host.... I want to swear......."
I will not vote if he pressed. for me he indicated kadrun for rejecting the israel u20 national team !!
"It's getting clearer Israel's refusal to participate in WC U20 which resulted in Indonesia being canceled as a host an attempt to remove certain people from the 2024 presidential election. Politico-rats are dirty rude dirty and have a virus…"
for u20 closed hand boarding.... but awbg 2023 open hand boarding... hypocritical !!! Governor I Wayan Koster now welcomes Israel to Bali with open arms
Israel only passed open water swimming and basketball 3on3 sure to lose in the early rounds...no chance of first place...no flag and national anthem in circulation. nor will it be watched by hundreds of thousands of spectators in stadiums and hundreds of millions of eyes from television screens. it's different with balls...so ojo compared to u20 wabc
"Now the truth has been proven. Try if the U20 World Cup was yesterday it wasn't ""grasa-grusu alias reckless"" of course Nusantara mania ball could watch the U20 national team compete..... finally... the world beach games are still in Bali even though there is israel athlete
wow... yesterday you tracked Israel in the u20 world cup.. now wbg bali also has israel athletes. why are you silent todd..???
tod... because your party screamed israel at the u20 world cup.. now at wbg in bali there are israeli athletes why are you silent tod...???? cow corruption party basis
"How come PDIP Ganjar & Koster still allow the Israeli team to participate in the World Beach Games? If you do then you will be in the cursed group for not carrying out the constitutional mandate properly. And it is clear that you have tackled Pak Jokowi in the u20 event... uphold the constitution! "
"Before the fuss over the U20 World Cup and this was actually very clear the reason was political because there was a fraudulent event in Bali where the Israeli delegation was present even the flag was also flying but it was not an issue. The constitution was only a cover"
"You are hilarious sir. It's even more obvious that the Israeli U20 team's rejection is very political in nature. Shout out the constitution loudly now??? preeettt"
"There were many people who rejected the Israeli football national team for demonstrations but not many people rejected the Israeli WBG team. They said the WBG (with Israel as a participant) was in accordance with the constitutional mandate but did not mention that for the U20 World Cup. Indonesia its people and their humor. "
match? did i wayan koster say the u20 world cup was in accordance with the constitutional mandate after rejecting the israel national team in the world cup?
"Wow Haris gblk World Beach is still being held in Bali just yesterday FIFA U20 was really noisy because there was Israel noh World Beach has an Israeli team just shut up now"
Does that mean Israel's rejection at U20 wasn't because of the constitution and Bung Karno???
It means it's true that the failure of the U20 World Cup was not because of Israel's rejection.
Oh Koster insists on rejecting Israel only for the U20 World Cup anyway. Is it because World Beach Games doesn't use GBK? maybe it's true that rejecting Israel in the world cup soy the event is canceled and gbk can't be used for the big June 1 agenda huh.
"The WC-U20 is cancelled. True whether or not the U20 World Cup is held in Indonesia depends on FIFA. However as PSSI chairman he should be able to talk to figures who disagree with Israel's participation."
"Actually you don't have to do anything it's better. You don't get tired. You don't have to fix the road. The money is intact no one is the least bit wrong. For example the U20 Israel case you want to be blasphemed by tens of millions and you'll forget yourself"
"There is Israel and it's still being held. Yesterday who was the loudest in rejecting the U20 World Cup in Indonesia grgr there is Israel"
"Waiting for the faces of the bastards who yesterday rejected the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup now are you brave enough to refuse or not"
u20 was rejected because there was bmg accepted even though there was. that's the world.
israel u20 is west side. israel awbg east bank
"The governor has no stance. If it is in accordance with the text of the opening of our proclamation reject hard like yesterday's u20. There should be no double standards. To issue another order from the party chairman to reject Israel again."
"It's the same as this gentleman why don't you say anything about another event in Bali inviting the Israeli team even though he came home ahead of rejecting the Israeli football team coming to Indonesia to take part in the U20 World Cup"
"perhaps according to you Israel who is u20 and Israel who is awbg are different lives sir!"
then yesterday's U20 World Cup why did Israel reject Israel outright even though they were only playing football for what?
"Yesterday the U20 didn't want an Israeli team they said it violated the constitution now how come it can be accepted? What's the constitution like? The governor made a fuss."
"Since rejecting the Israeli U20 national team... fix this party is very dangerous... come on vote for the candidates again from the 2024 general election..."
"Well it clearly means that there are indeed group interests that are being fought for using the issue of the U20 World Cup yesterday this is the same as Israel's representatives the treatment is different"
° completely in accordance with the constitution. reject the balance of the israel team u20 ... according to the constitution . wellcome israel team at world beach games. according to the constitution. . .
the queen mother has repented for rejecting israel u20 electability has plummeted abysmally.
PDIP electability plummeted after rejecting the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup
goal! Akhmat Grozny U19 2-1 Uor No5 U20 Goal! Tzeirei Kafr Kanna 1-0 Maccabi Nujeidat Ahmed Goal! Vipers 2-0 Calvary in Uganda Cup
"PDIP Kentoro is panicking. Gegara U20 is cancelled electability is in free fall. Now I want to accept the Israeli team. What are you up to?? nopdip"
"Still waiting for the response. Yesterday loudly rejecting the arrival of the Israeli U-20 National Team at the U20 World Cup now at the World Beach Games event which was held in Bali there was Israel too. I don't remember so I don't get caught up again like when the world cup protests were tight the same day of the event."
"It's impossible for the Israel U20 team to come from a different country right?"
3. The vacant position of the Minister of Youth and Sports (filled by the Coordinating Minister for PMK) when the Israeli team refused to compete in the U20 World Cup.
"organizations and political parties that yesterday rejected the u20 world cup because there is israel where did they go how come there is no sound? busy asking"" thr what? until i forgot there was an israel team that wanted to play in bali"
"not a double standard but a standard of tolerance suppose that Israel appearing at the U20 World Cup has passed the standard of tolerance"
"double standard world cup u20 (there is the israel national team): ""rejects the israel national team on humanitarian grounds and there is no diplomatic relations"" world beach games (there are still athletes from israel): ""fully support because it is in accordance with the mandate of the constitution"" kntl."
"So don't be anti-Israel the U20 World Cup will be your victim"
"Yesterday when I made Israel's rejection letter at the U20 World Cup I didn't use discussions first with the Menpora the PSSI chairman or the president? You can take the initiative yourself."
hahahaha so it's clear anyway... they have prepared a throwing issue against Israel to protect the regime from being unable to hold an international u20 football party.
I hope that kadrun will protest and demonstrate massively against Israel's participation in AWBG. I'm still emotional because the U20 World Cup failed to save Palestine
It seems that the grandparents are starting to feel less confident... not like the first time when Jumawa expressed his rejection of Israel's participation in the U20...
Incorrect news title. Pak Wayan consistently rejects the Israeli national team. no turning down u20 world cup no turning down world beach game
"Which is Israel's fanfare yesterday at the U20 world cup isn't it loud either or is it just chess pieces for the political elite well educated but bearable"
"Why is it inconsistent to defend Palestine's Hamas based on the constitution of the Republic of Indonesia? He said Bung Karno refused so all PDIP cadres must refuse just like you reject the U20 World Cup right? What's the difference it's both Israel isn't it. cc"
"Breaking news! The 2023 World Beach Games are still being held in Bali guys and are now supported by the Governor of Bali I Wayan Koster. His spirit is upright rejecting Israeli athletes like the U20s but remember to be afraid that Bali tourism will be quiet... . ."
sir does this have something to do with terrorist members in Uzbek who were caught some time ago in a plan to disrupt the U20 world cup if it ends in Indonesia with the Israeli team still competing?
"Bali will host AWBG 2023 I thought it would be canceled again like the U20 World Cup right Israel is participating in AWBG Mr. Koster why are you wishy-washy?"
"The opposition on the other side turned out to be able to predict. It turned out that they were not optimistic about the victory of Anies' presidential candidate. An opportunist candidate even when he had to speak out ""support or reject the involvement of the Israeli U20 national team in the 2023 world cup in Indonesia."
"There are WBGames participants from Israel such as the U-20 World Cup which was rejected yesterday and was canceled. What's the difference between the WBGames and the U20 World Cup? Israel is also participating. Why is it treated differently? The rejection of the U20 World Cup is due to the constitution or political calculations? curious!"
wow....that means you can also go home to Palestine so that the battle against Israel will be even more exciting...it's useless if you can only fight against the israel football team at U20 in Indonesia
"Throw it into the sea and trash cans in 2024... fatal as a result PDI-P 2 governor cadres reject the Israeli U20 Team mixing sports with politics humans have no God's wisdom"
those who shouted the most were Palestinians and hated Israel the most..the sellers of religion with the attitude of the PDI-P refused to allow Israel to compete they came to know that supporting Palestinian independence was part of Soekarno's ideals.. come on
"unfortunately they were "injured"" with a ridiculous attitude rejecting the Israeli u20 even though they were just young people who wanted to play football without political frills they should have sounded out loud when the Israeli delegation came during the fraud event in Bali was it because there were no instructions???? "
let hasto cry until he has diarrhea...thinking about u20 ball..hahaha..why are you nagging at Mr. Anies...wkwkwk.. i feel like a hero because israel doesn't allow israel to compete in indo.?. It's really your obligation to carry out the mandate of UUD 45...you who are in power right? diarrhea again sleep.
Megawati focuses on improving PDIP electability after the rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team
oo so the Israel U20 team can play there
goal! hapoel kfar saba in israel league leumit hapoel umm al-fahm 2-1 hapoel kfar saba goal! tanabi sp u20 in brazil paulista u20 tanabi sp u20 1-2 mirassol u20
goal! arsenal de sarandi in argentina superliga arsenal de sarandi 1-0 godoy cruz goal! kafr qasim in israel league leumit acutet sport ashdod 1-2 kafr qasim goal! bahia u20 in brazil brazilian u20 athletic go u20 0-2 bahia u20
"There's only one cure Mega has to find it himself but it's very difficult: FIFA takes Israel out of the U20 World Cup and returns it to Indonesia. Even just apologizing is difficult."
it is appropriate to be silent and reject u20 israel is related to the same issue
"There are many fanatical governors who yesterday did not give permission for churches to be built in order to nominate their president. Now they are playing a role play so they can be elected especially those who did not agree yesterday that Israel is playing U20 in Bali too. Lord Jesus knows which ones are sincere and which are not sincere don't get karma."
"I still vote for his policy of rejecting Israel and the effect it has on u20. It hurts but his struggle is of greater benefit from a humanitarian standpoint.
the narrative is one of despair. since the plan to mess up the country by riding the u20 world cup failed. . Under the pretext of protesting against Israel the radical cadres will move to create riots and damage in the country.
what about rejecting the israel team at u20?
including refusing the israel team to play at u20
1. Rejection of the U20 World Cup (even though you tricked Puan to accept the Knesset delegation) 2. Grand coalition (approved by Mr. Jokowi) which was formed without PDIP 3. Mr. Koster is still screaming at rejecting Israeli athletes 4. Arrogant that he can run the presidential candidate himself but doesn't immediately announce it
For example to carry Ganjar Pranowo is now risky because of the controversy over the rejection of the Israeli national team which led to the cancellation of Indonesia's hosting of the U20 World Cup. prabowo subianto
"Bah even if you want to host the U20 World Cup you can forget that Israel has a chance to qualify... until you give false hope to youth who are ready to compete. Especially projects that get money. You can pretend you forgot"
Is the government taking that risk? Even though Israel U20 wanted to play the World Cup here it didn't happen
"The Indonesian nation in next 2024 must find a national leader who understands the agreement process a negotiating agreement that cannot be violated after signing a joint agreement. The 2 governors who rejected the Israeli team at U20 proved that they did not read FIFA's mou."
"Ganjar has no power to cancel the Mahapatih World Cup. He also doesn't reject Pildun. There is no direct line with FIFA which cancels it the Israelis themselves. After that they invited the U20 national team to play at their home ground not Wani. Of course Mossad was detected early. "
the background of the rejection of israel at the u20 world cup
Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure to hold the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
the background of the rejection of israel at the u20 world cup
the background of the rejection of israel at the u20 world cup
the background of the rejection of israel at the u20 world cup
don't blame Israel's refusal as a failure to hold the u20 world cup
this is the background of the rejection of the israel national team at u20.
Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure to hold the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
rejection of israel in the u20 world cup according to the constitution
"rejecting israel is not just practical politics but a valid and well-founded argument"
it is appropriate for the people to reject the arrival of the israel team
Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure to hold the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
I'm Pak Prabowo bro. if only it didn't come out a statement refusing Israel from Pak Ganjar. maybe I still reward. I'm sad that the U20 World Cup has to be run aground by 2 regional heads.
let's take a good look so we don't fail to understand the background to the rejection of Israel in the U20 world cup..
Erick Thorhir's maximum struggle
background against israel in the u20 world cup
Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure in their U20 World Cup title in Indonesia
the background of the rejection of israel at the u20 world cup
Terrorists still exist even though Indonesia rejects Israel and FIFA has canceled the U20 World Cup..
So guys the reward statement has been answered regarding the You 20 World Cup
Ganjar Pranowo was not present at the signing of the FIFA agreement as the host
the background of the defeat against israel at the u20 world cup
background of the rejection of israel in the u20 world cup
background against israel at u20 world cup. tupperware
Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure to hold the Indonesian U20 World Cup
the background of the rejection of israel at the u20 world cup
the background of the rejection of israel at the u20 world cup.
Don't make Israel's rejection a scapegoat as a failure to hold the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
the background of the rejection of israel at the u20 world cup
"The latest survey conducted by ISI shows that the majority of respondents said they did not object to the presence of the Israeli football team in Indonesia at the U20 World Cup event because they considered football issues to have nothing to do with politics."
"PDIP accidentally sacrificed rewards it just so happened that Grandma Mega was having a headache and there was an Israeli U20 team that wanted to compete in IND. So the grandmother's instructions became racist and GP only obeyed like Bambang hoe (DPRPDIP) obeyed a senile sinenek."
the background of the rejection of israel at the u20 world cup.
This is Israel's reaction to the cancellation of U20. own goal: that's the right sentence for this country.
"I'm still hurt because the U20 World Cup failed... I won't vote for you with rewards... Imagine if I became president of international sports events in Israel everyone was rejected"
don't blackmail Israel's rejection as a rejection of the u20 world cup
the background of israel's rejection at the u20 world cup
"Regarding FIFA canceling Indonesia's status as the host of the U20 World Cup ISI found 72.1% knew that the cancellation was related to the rejection of the Israeli national team that would come to Indonesia as a participant in the 2023 U20 World Cup"
minus u20 israel
Israel qualify for the world cup live 25-6-2022. while Indonesia was appointed by FIFA as the host in 2019 for the event in 2023. And this is the first time Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup. no one would have thought... pretentious but o'on...
the failure to host the u20 world cup has been politicized. the public is hypnotized by exhaled rejection because of israel. even though it was clear that the fifa letter was circulating because of the kanjuruhan tragedy.
"Isi: ""the public whose rejection of the Israeli national team was the cause of the cancellation of the U20 World Nutmeg"""
Indonesia has a commitment to participate in world peace that's why we reject Israel at the U20 World Cup !!
let's clean up and make this a lesson for better Indonesian football. don't blame israel's rejection as a failure to hold the u20 world cup. all parties certainly want the best for the progress of the nation. keep going my Indonesia!!!
don't blackmail israel's rejection as u20 world cup failure
this is the background of the rejection of israel at the u20 world cup
kiris‼ no katek... if... the issue of refusing the Israeli u20 national team didn't happen... his bargaining position was high. but because of this issue... it's like... one leg of the Uwis grand coalition is short of the victory zone. red will advance itself... please. 2024... only belongs to the PKB coalition and friends vs PKS et al.
"wkwkwk.. buzzerrp jokowi is panicking israel jews u20 are banned by the people of Indonesia what are you doing si thoher"
"waduhhhh cnn embarrass Ketum pssi supporter who is a double minister of the country whose country was rejected to be the host of the U20 world and threw the issue of rejecting israel. Is it embarrassing for the country the stadium is poor and now the referee???"
don't blackmail israel's rejection as u20's failure
"Coster will not be able to do an event like u20 unless he invites all countries to come including Israel"
Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure to hold the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"Brothers and sisters in the faith raise the flag in their own homeland it's not allowed then if it becomes the U20 Cup they are allowed to raise the flag in Indonesia you guys are really too stupid"" Israel is a snub nose.."
"Agreed sygx the U20 world cup is only 2 months away suddenly the governors of Bali and the governors of Central Java reject the Israeli team... FIFA sees that Indonesia is not professional not compact and does not have the same commitment to the U20 world cup event because Indonesia has been appointed as the host since 2019 ..."
"compare if u20 continues and you are free of volumes of demonstrations against Israel then the news"" will thunder in the world that the Indonesian people are on the side of Palestine even though even that does not have a major impact on the progress of the Palestinian struggle"
"If the U20 event is canceled because many parties reject Israel's presence what will happen? The news is small Indonesia can't host the U20 match because that's just discriminatory and doesn't have an impact on the voice of humanity and the defense of Palestine doesn't exist."
Cristiano Ronaldo's video hoax supports Indonesia against the Israel National Team in the U20 World Cup
Surabaya 98 activist Kusnan criticized Ade Armando's statement regarding the rejection of Bung Karno's occult U20 team
"It can't be covered up the effect of the rejection of the Israeli national team the cancellation of the U20 World Cup being denied no matter what it is makes the nomination more complicated. Jokowi's index finger becomes more mysterious gestures and frequency of meetings with those who are predicted as candidates are no longer parameters. More to """""
"Hopefully Israel will be the winner of the U20 World Cup we defend the country the person who is defended doesn't matter and the ambassador doesn't matter now the football player is just a spectator and has been disbanded... remember 2024 remember the people and the party..."
"If Indonesia is chosen to host the u17 world cup then it is clear not because of Israel's rejection and then the u20 world cup was cancelled. But because the hosts were unprepared"
"There is a political agenda that rides on the Israeli issue in the U20 world cup so far understand right?"
anyway? is that why you are silent about rejecting u20 israel?
"The cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia due to the refusal of rewards and fees without a solution offered to FIFA still rejects Israel because it has been proven to colonize Palestine but has not canceled Indonesia as the host sorry for the football kids who have been practicing for years leaving their schools"
who want to choose? noway football people... refuse the u20 world cup without a solution. If you're smart try lobbying FIFA AGR the world cup will still be in Indonesia without Israel's participation like Russia failing to take part in the Qatar world cup.
"If you are smart and proficient in foreign languages try to lobby FIFA so that the U20 World Cup can still be held in Indonesia because it has spent a lot of people's money without the participation of Israel which is also despised by many countries not only Indonesia that's just a smart leader..."
bless your ramadan so that you are forgiven for your hatred of israel as an independent country because you have canceled indonesia as the host in u20 by expelling israel where sport especially football has nothing to do with indonesian international politics.
"rejecting israel is the same as rejecting a u20..."
"The 4 terrorists were arrested on March 24 so you understand why the Israel National Team refused the U20 World Cup it's not the governor of Bali & Central Java thank God for taking care of Indonesia and we can still fast Ramadan and Eid safely."
The cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is not the end of everything. . .
"If you are hostile to people who reject Israel's U20 it is clear that you have forgotten history or are stupid in rejecting the Israeli national team to Indonesia tourism practitioners say Wayan is not the governor of Bali but..."
"Don't be exaggerated Anies and where did the voices talk about Israel yesterday? Is Anis scared when he says he rejects Israel at the U20 World Cup? In the past Anies was the loudest when he talked about Palestine. That's just electability so it doesn't have any effect when fishing in murky water."
""The attitude of the PDIP and also the rejection of the two governors towards the presence of Israel which then led to the cancellation of Indonesia's status as the host of the U20 World Cup by FIFA was a political blunder that the PDIP did not really take into account" said Bawono"
one of the reasons we support it to this day is because he made the bold decision to refuse the israel national team to compete in Indonesia until it failed to host the u20 world cup. Reward attitude is not because of Soekarno's mandate. but there are verses in the Koran. subhanallah
"anies doesn't want to talk about israel in relation to u20 especially if you're not looking for security. The rewards are clearly not gray even with the risk of being abandoned by their fans. you still have to choose someone who is clear and firm."
stage‼ his biggest achievement was only one... rejecting the israel u20 national team. the rest ride on the stage right and left... the team's next task is hooray to glorify 24 hours... kekel. In the past Pak JKW or Pak Prabowo... during the presidential election... were independent with their own charms.
stage‼ his biggest achievement was only one... rejecting the israel u20 national team. the rest ride on the stage right and left... the team's next task is hooray to glorify 24 hours... kekel. In the past Pak JKW or Pak Prabowo... during the presidential election... were independent with their own charms.
including rejecting the israel u20 national team right sir?
In terms of news value of course it is more interesting to reward one car with President Jokowi. especially after they had different opinions about Israel and the failure of the U20 world cup. It's best as Pak Anies' spokesman don't try to sway opinions if you take sides
the irony is when he is considered not the governor of bali but the governor of party for refusing the israel team to compete in indonesia following the u20 world cup. then what about the governor who both rejected the israel team? will he also be considered the governor of the party?
"It's the same... I also support and vote for the GP if I run for president. In terms of rejecting the Israeli U20 soccer team I'm at odds with the GP."
PDIP is a big party bro. Is it true that Jokowi will be impeached if Israel competes in Indonesia's U20?
"Do we the majority people in Indonesia really reject the presence of the Israeli U20 national team to Indonesia which was previously appointed as the host for the U20 World Cup? Mz have curiosity there you see~"
stage‼ his biggest achievement was only one... rejecting the israel u20 national team. the rest ride on the stage right and left... the team's next task is hooray to glorify 24 hours... kekel. In the past Pak JKW or Pak Prabowo... during the presidential election... were independent with their own charms.
The following is a list of parties that refuse Israel to play in the U20 World Cup
don't you dare blame the PDIP for Indonesia's failure to become host of the U20 World Cup....Wong has explained...the PDIP is the ruling party...he said yes...even though most Muslims and non-Muslims reject Israel... .from the past from the Bung Karno era until Palestine became independent..fix no debate.
the rejection of israel at the u20 world cup was as it should be. because it has been regulated in the decree of the Minister of Foreign Affairs at the age of 15 Agnes Vidic firli Pasar Selo
Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure to organize the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
rejected u20 israel national team but still engrossed in using israel apps.. want another presidential candidate.. the brain hasn't arrived yet
the rejection of the Israeli delegation to Indonesia in accordance with chapterx in the Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 3 of 2019
"According to the constitution Israel must be rejected!"
Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure to organize the U-20 World Cup in Indonesia
pdip attitude to israel in world beach games same as u20 world cup
still curious and getun with the failure of the u20. asked: why was the delegation of the Israeli parliament well received by madam maharani? still sad and disappointed with the failure of the u20 event.
"It's like a person who isn't feeling well and is still in an unwell stage because of the U20 World Cup because Ganjar rejected the Israeli national team he'll recover soon. This is normal in political weather the point is Mr. Ganjar is still at the top."
Don't blame Israel's rejection as the failure to organize the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
while in Indonesia. Can you imagine if the U20 world cup happened? with the geopolitical conditions in Israel and Palestine and the strengthening of anti-Russian sentiment in Europe plus there is no hub. Diplomacy in Indonesia is actually predictable.
from Prabowo's blunders and massive all-in movement on social media since the rejection of rewards for Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup. you have to work hard again to win pemiku 2024 and fanjar needs to be endorsed directly from
"Sorry sir I'm still not clear on the matter of your rejection of the presence of the Israeli team at the FIFA World Cup U20 Indonesia what was the motivation and reason for your refusal? even though sport is a unifying medium for any conflict between nations across religious politics and sportsmanship of the soul."
"In its official letter FIFA did not mention Israel about the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure to organize the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"Fortunately the U20 World Cup was not continued with FIFA. It turns out that this is a silver lining. It's the right thing to reject Israel. If the World Cup were to be held in Indo it would just be a campaign event."
lsi survey: pdip electability and rewards plummeted after rejecting israel at u20 world cup
"ab managed to make a name for himself in the news world again after weeks of sinking in the tomb of being torn about israel and at u20. great marketing."
untrustworthy rewards. clash and not submit to the government. because of Israel phobia through on u20. with his friends in Bali.
you see? The age of these IDF soldiers is probably in their 20s. yes because in Israel there is conscription for citizens &amp; permanent resident when he turns 18. so the israel national team players at u20 may have and will join the idf and commit violence &amp; insult to Palestinians
The Wolrd Beach Games are contested by 14 branches aka multi-events whose main organizations are different of which there are Israeli branches that don't take part. so there are still many chances. while the u20 world cup only has 1 fifa parent.
"He was one of the public figures who refused to allow the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. The purpose of his refusal was not political but more principled: that is so that the Indonesian U20 national team could qualify for the world cup on their own (self-sufficient). That was Soekarno's message."
Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure to organize the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
pdip rejects israel at u20 &amp; Islamic organizations-PKS reject Israel Anies takes a silent stance &amp; profitable Ichsanuddin Noorsy opened his voice: Anies assisted by AS SJK MSK Young Global Leaders 2009 which was controlled by the Jewish PDIP was wrong in strategy &amp; harm the pdip vote in 2024 by rejecting israel
"Your brain is in the pawnshop? Are the Israelis definitely Jews? There are also many Israelis who are Muslims from soldiers members of parliament ministers and even the captain of the Israeli U20 national team are also Muslims."
How come when I see the keki shirt I remember Bung Karno's message to reject U20 Israelis
The cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was due to security factors not the rejection of the Israeli team's arrival in Indonesia.
it has been regulated in Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 3 of 2019 so that the rejection of the Israeli delegation is in accordance with the mandate of the constitution. Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure to organize the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. let's move on and get up for a better future for Indonesia.
"Based on the ISI survey the electability of Ganjar Pranowo fell to 19.8 from the previous figure of 29%. The decrease in the electability of Ganjar Pranowo was due to the rejection of the Israel National Team for the U20 World Cup"
"ho'oh right this was also one of the triggers for the failure of FIFA U20 which was the first to reject the Israeli team from going to Indonesia"
it's true that we banned Israel from participating in U20 here for the security of this country. if you allow them to play a lot of Islamic hardline revenge against them. could jeopardize the peace of bali.
Already like this you still don't have the courage to kick the Israeli National Team out of the U20 World Cup?!
These are the results of the latest electability of the presidential candidates after Israel's rejection which harmed the U20 national team
The communist nest cadres his friend Kadrun rejected Israel at the U20 world cup. which resulted in being canceled by fifa.
according to the regulation it is clear
the world cup in indonesia was canceled because of security not because of rejection
a firm attitude reject the israel national team
Don't blame Israel's rejection as a failure to organize the U20 World Cup in Indonesia! according to the israeli constitution must be rejected! first lady manggarai survey lsi monday wipe spacetoon ice bsd pak taka zayyan firmino yujin dear h
"Jokowi's index finger is not only feared by the opposition (until there are those who openly ask to interfere with the presidential candidate) but also makes the big lady 'jealous' for the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team for reasons that smell hypocritical & making it up is barbaric sleding tackling."
If you have a powerful move it shouldn't fail to host the U20 World Cup it's not ready isn't it because of the rejection of the Israeli national team... PSSI's transformation since the proposal was considered a failure...
"Mild yellow card sanction for PSSI without Famri to FIFA still the U20 world football match is still canceled because there is a governor who rejects Israel's presence not being uphold the policy of the Palestinian ambassador's press when he goes to the press. Jokowi has no problem with Israel's presence."
J : Don't mix sports with politics. no: I refuse the Israeli team to play at U20 clearly not in line. at least in that regard.
"Due to different interpretations of the U20 Israel National Team please understand.. !!"
lsi survey: the majority of respondents did not question the presence of the israel national team in indonesia in the u20 world cup
"ISI survey: Rejects Israel Ganjar Pranowo's electability is in free fall although it remains the highest: Ganjar Pranowo's electability dropped dramatically after rejecting Israel in the U20 World Cup see the explanation from the ISI survey."
Isn't this the one who has joined in rejecting Israel at the U20 World Cup event??? lambe and utek are not in sync..
"u20 isn't everything it's a different story if the participants don't include Israel if the haters only reward their brains for defending Israel then from now on I will hate people who pretend to be Israel just because they look like believers but I'm also not a defender of Palestine I'm pro-constitution. "
Israel's rejection of the U20 world cup according to the mandate of the constitution
"A few extra points from pro-Palestinians because of GP's comments rejecting Israel e e e immediately forgot himself in seeking sympathy from Muslim citizens. Eventually it got out of hand.. an important matter in this position a provincial leader said a lie what he said was about himself to deceive ."
"Until this is the news. Even though the reel: this is the real transition from declining to slightly rising the situation of the supporters seeing the GP lying down at the beginning before competing plus being covered in dust. He drowned. U20 Israel was rejected GP got sympathy from the ProPalestinians. Added 2 points"
reward electability fell after rejecting israel in the u20 world cup
"Who said I was defending Israel?? From my tweet from Palong above it's clear I don't want to discuss the issue of war. If you want to get angry with someone who is defending Israel you'd better hack Anies Baswedan!!! He is a member of the Jewish Zionist organization called Rostschild.. the u20 issue is also anues defend…”
the rejection of the israel national team at the indonesian u20 world cup according to the mandate
"GP's voice is fasting again waiting for PDIP to be ordered by mega for the next few months. The GP itself is in a very difficult position because there is still one more event where Israel could sink its electability even more. The U20 World Cup has really made Indonesian football miserable. "
"It's true that FIFA's steps to cancel U20 in Indonesia seeing a situation like this safety comes first not just Israel."
The ISI survey proves that most Indonesian people can think clearly 72% of respondents know FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because of the rejection of the Israeli national team. not another reason framed by bad people and haters.
"Finally we were careless in allowing the governors to refuse Israel FIFA removed Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup what about all other activities? Indonesia is hostile to Israel for what? Do you want to support Hamas whose intention is no more Israel in Palestine? Expel the colonialists altogether?"
the rejection of the Israeli delegation to Indonesia in accordance with the chapter times in the Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 3 of 2019 !!
You have to be enthusiastic about Indonesian football to be able to progress without the U20 World Cup
"Bacot Kadrun like this they are looking for an alibi. In fact their group is keenly opposed to Israel appearing at the U20 World Cup in order to defend Palestine."
generation z more football lovers? where is the survey? gadget lovers. then uncle wowo and anies yesterday supported israel playing in Indonesia? they just don't have an opinion? After all the failure of U20 in Indonesia was because the government and PSSI asked Israel not to play in Indo.
"That's why invite them and join the coalition for change. It's the same as Israel's opposition to the U20 World Cup so FIFA canceled it."
I don't know...it's impossible for Anies to want to...if Anies supports the U20 Israel National Team surely many supporters will be disappointed &amp; angry...if he rejects the Israeli national team Anies will have the same fate as a GP being beaten up by an Indonesian football lover...so Anies is silent.
"UUD 1945 in chapter. III. Article. 6 paragraph. 1. ""The president is a native Indonesian"" UU we have to campaign for this as the GP and PDIP reject the U20 World Cup as the finalists are Israel with the reason being the preambule of the UUD 1945 Indonesia rejects colonialism on this earth."
"Not Israel but the failure of the U20 World Cup. Don't underestimate football fans. I'm apolitical but football is number one. It's a shame Pak Ganjar Tyt doesn't understand football fans"
"I do not agree with Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup event. But as a leader who is also the most potential presidential candidate you must have the courage to act regardless of different choices. But this is better than those who don't dare to act/look for security."
kidnapping athletes from israel especially israeli u20 players and israel beach volleyball in exchange for Palestinian prisoners...
maybe the reason for the refusal of the israel national team because of security considerations. Moreover the implementation of the U20 World Cup takes almost a month and involves supporters of each country.
"Let's look at it from the other side if only the U20 World Cup was so maybe this issue will continue to develop domestic security is at stake. Added to this israel's attack on the Al Aqsa mosque you can imagine what the rejection was like."
"slipped because of the rejection of the israel u20 team. hopefully in the future it will be more careful"" because there is still time to return to the top position."
"Oh come on let's support the Israeli U20 national team 76% of Indonesians are pro Israeli U20 national team playing in the Indonesian version of ISI the Israeli survey institute?"
"I've seen the news that ahead of the U20 world cup the Israeli team protest was far away. Which came first? Protest against the arrival of the Israeli football team? Or is it 500 m over?"
for the PDIP party after the cancellation of the U20 to slip again... are you still sure that the issue of Israel's rejection can add new voters? inconsistency looking for excuses adds to public distrust
Ganjar Pranowo's blunder... means that many are disappointed with the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team.
"28.7% problem with the arrival of Israel but very vocal? Until FIFA 'punish' U20 Indonesia. Minority but 'wins' is the survey wrong or is it the truth?"
"Refusing the U20 Israel National Team (which passed the selection) to come to compete but supporting the U20 World Cup to take place without the Israel National Team?"
Israel's rejection of the Indonesian U20 World Cup is according to the constitutional mandate!
"The survey results prove that 71.3 percent of the people don't mind if Israel comes to Indonesia for the 2023 U20 World Cup"
"The poverty rate in Central Java Province has increased how come the Israeli football team refuses to play in the U20 World Cup. Save Palestine"
it's just stupid people who don't accept u20 israel they think it's easy to host the world cup ~ stupid and bastard people destroy our nation's dreams
Gadjar Pranowo's electability declined due to Israel's rejection of the 2023 U20 World Cup?
The fault is that the GP is not in line with the opinion of the majority of people about Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup according to an ISI survey. you took part in the HSL survey too right?
"Btw...the world cup is a competition created by FIFA and FIFA has its own rules not related to the constitutions of its member countries. Israel is one of the FIFA members who qualified for the U20 World Cup as runner-up from the European zone. What is the capacity of a GP or Pak Jokowi even want to refuse?"
"The governor has indeed expressed his rejection of Israel's presence in Indonesia. But not with international-class football events or the U20 World Cup. His rejection of Israel is not without reason he has strong reasons. Bravo Mr. Ganjar!"
"he said Indonesia rejected Israel to the extent that the U20 World Cup was canceled here. uh apparently trade relations are also friendly~ we interviewed Emmanuel Shahaf vice chairman of the Indonesia-Israel Chamber of Commerce about this. What did he say? Open your eyes immediately"
"The rejection of the Israeli delegation is the right step and the failure of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is not the end of everything Indonesia can do it"
"I'm sorry. I'm very disappointed but it's turned into mush to be fried. Even if the U20 World Cup is held then it is certain that the presence of the Israeli team will become a vision and mission in raising support for you chapter."
"ISI survey: 71.3 percent of the public don't mind Israel coming to Indonesia for the 2023 U20 World Cup"
want to get maxxwin? without using it for a long time we started dancing !!!!!!! an anti-corruption website and definitely 100% safe trusted mandatory list link
"What is the purpose of giving the yellow card and the facts behind FIFA Forward 3.0? Come on kriuuukers see the following infographic!"
how are you sir? why didn't the protest when israel qualified at u20? why are the protests so fast? why sir? Israel qualified for the U20 on 25-06-2022 Indonesia will definitely host the U20 in 2019 why did you just protest in March 2023?
Israel's rejection of the Indonesian U20 World Cup is in accordance with the constitutional mandate
the rejection of the israel national team is Indonesia's commitment to the constitution which has been stated in Minister of Foreign Affairs number 3 of 2019. and also the cancellation of the u20 world cup in Indonesia is not the end of everything. let's continue to support the nation's young athletes to continue to excel
Ganjar Pranowo emphatically and unemotionally emphasized the importance of rejecting Israel's presence in the U20 World Cup. Crash of 1 rupiah Erick thohir soimah coldplay evos mas adam tni au kristiani marjan dila jumbo fasting coke menstruation traffic backstreet
Akhir.y is answered why did Partai.y remain silent when there was a fuss about the U20 Israel issue
"So it's true that the U20 World Cup has been cancelled the right decision this match is just a shortcut without spectators especially since Israel came here."
"This is because Israel was humiliated at an international event which was rejected as the host for the U20 World Cup"
PSSI still enjoys the narrative of the issue of Israel's rejection rather than having to provide an explanation about the cancellation of the U20 World Cup
hooh... why don't you watch the u20 world cup match... indonesia vs israel...
"Lobbying is just a way... but the goal is to take advantage of the momentum of the U20 World Cup to increase PDIP's popularity (if it succeeds in lobbying FIFA Israel will compete in Singapore). PDIP party officials and officials may forget Indonesia was expelled from IOC because it rejected Israel & ; Taiwan."
why does it seem like you're inviting other people to hate Ganjar. Fix the problem with your brain nerves... Ganjar didn't reject FIFA nor did he refuse to host U20. The only thing that was rejected was the Israeli national team playing in Indonesia. You know what about Israel.
"O young people who are disappointed that it didn't work out u20 you feel sad angry look at this Bung Karno firmly rejected the Israeli team without any compromise.."
Ganjar rejected the Israel U20 national team
Palestine and Israel are in conflict. because living in a reality full of conflict they learn to find points where they are not in conflict. Palestinian football coach Israeli. Palestinians don't make a fuss about rejecting the Israeli team; and they both pitched in on the u20.
"Drown the nest of communists corruptors Israeli resistance at the U20 World Cup."
"I'm a supporter of hairy women... the anus won't be covered by the media anymore he's rotten and doesn't want to take a position on the U20 issue of Israel... it's been quiet from media coverage... it's really bad for the anus... the achievement of 0.00 is sinking... on the day of the National Democracy election it's back cage .. oh poor .. "
"PDIP's rejection of Israel coming to Indonesia if Indonesia hosts the U20 World Cup is a domestic political attitude that uses foreign issues. So it's not free and active politics like Bung Karno. Cak Lontong said thinking...."
"I'm confused about the anti-Israel GP framing but in reality the Israelite hanged the Lord Jesus so why do Christians defend Israel? But Israel vs Palestine is not a matter of religion and U20 is not a religious matter either why do we reject the Israeli U20 team?"
according to the constitution jokowi the president of the republic of indonesia all pretending to obey the constitution rejected the israel team in the u20 world cup
"Like Israel just sit and sit! It's no wonder he doesn't want to comment on U20. It could be the same fate as reward. Bahlul!"
"Ganjar clearly decisively articulately and unemotionally reaffirms how important it is to reject the presence of the Israeli football team at the U20 World Cup event not rejecting the world cup in Indonesia but rejecting Israel's presence"
maybe this kind of news is also consumed by the opponents of the Israeli u20 national team ..
The u20 world cup failing to be held in Indonesia is not an apocalypse for Indonesia
Indonesia failing to host the U20 World Cup is not the end of the world
"If GP has ever said that banning Israel's U20 football team from competing in Indonesia for constitutional reasons where is it wrong? He said that for good reasons and also not wrong. Israel's involvement is indeed polemic. Pros and cons like this have been predicted to exist."
I'm a tadpole agreeing to reject the U20 world cup because there is a Zionist state in Israel. The point is not all tadpoles support Israel
rejection of israel in the u20 world cup according to the constitution
"It's funny too for example we actually host the U20 World Cup. There is an Israel vs Iraq match the recommendation is without spectators too"
"Israel is indeed not allowed to go to Indonesia the cancellation of the U20 World Cup is in accordance with the constitution"
Hopefully Tunisia will be in 1 group with Israel in the U20 world cup.
rt. the failure of the u20 world cup because one of the finalists was israel who was considered an occupier was the uud 45 constitution as well as the president must be a native (indigenous) indonesian and even then the uud constitution. !
"The moment of the U20 World Cup has passed why is PDIP still making excuses? Why is it like the most burning beard? As long as they still can't explain the Israeli delegation at the 2022 IPU in Bali properly for me the PDIP is over"
remember ... from the first firm attitude towards Israel !!! then why defend the israel u20 national team?? shorted brain base!!!
"There is Israel joining Easter later when the Israeli U20 national team hears it they say modusss.."
"It's getting more and more unclear isn't it? The Koster has also exacerbated the situation with the 2nd statement which still refuses Israel to return to Bali it seems very and very difficult to treat the heartache of football lovers with the cancellation of the U20 event sex is again very difficult!"
"It's like Malai is praying now rejecting Israel at the U20 World Cup followed by its cadres in Bali and Central Java."
"Oh that's the communist nest party that refused Israel to appear in the U20 World Cup which was finally canceled by FIFA."
clothes smell thank God to wear to play ball. don't have anything that's okay there are still smelly clothes. thanks to israel alhamdulillah the u20 world cup is cancelled.
Ganjar and Koster representing the PDIP who rejected Israel's U20 turned out to be the PDIP PlinkPlank party who did Jokowi in the eyes of FIFA &amp; world ~ pdip apparently wants to make money at the u20 event haha ​​for the 2024 presidential election campaign by the way please don't play cat games haha
great rather than hoping that the PDIP which killed the spirit of the nation's children u20 was canceled by fifa it was a shame for Indonesia in the eyes of the world ~ reward &amp; Koster represents the PDIP to speak out against Israel's U20
"The feeling that mayo is that your crowd is very far away from the pro Israel group you guys are the only ones who carry too many bad feelings the proof is that you can cancel the U20 World Cup in the Republic of Indonesia"
"Sorry Tita...I'm still firm for better NKRI...still rewarding without Israel's U20 without FIFA (western agents)"
"I'm still disappointed ever since the rewards of participating in rejecting Israel to play football in Indonesia it's really very painful for the nation's children it's even worse the U20 World Cup it failed to happen I'm even more disappointed now I'm pretentious saying we will support a replacement tournament for U20 "
actually there is no need to lobby fifa after all we are not the ones who canceled the u20 world cup but fifa as the host only asked for the condition that Israeli supporters do not wear attributes &amp; The Israeli flag is sanctioned for the sake of security at this time. Fifa is crazy because it is one of the biggest football addicts in the world
I condemn the PDIP's political maneuvers in rejecting the Israeli team at U20 it does not mean that I am pro Israeli occupation of Palestine but my emphasis is on canceling Indonesia as host of the U20 which is detrimental to the nation and people of Indonesia and has the potential to damage the constitutional system.
so in this u20 world cup. only other countries can refuse? think about it. if in case israel supporters infiltrate into our territory. a little too if in Bali for example. there will definitely be such a riot.
"Apart from the GP rejecting the Israeli U20 World Cup team according to the party's attitude even though it was as if"" was sacrificed and received a lot of criticism constitutionally the GP has carried out the UUD45 mandate that Indonesia participates in carrying out world order by opposing Israel's Zionist arrogance."
"Yes Wis is memorized. myself from the criticism of the mother of the bull to the mothers of the recitation she continued to reject u20 israel"
"I'm also a Christian and I support it and I don't have a problem with Israel. The Republic of Indonesia has long refused how come Mr. GP can be free from being a party official and can the PDIP nominate a GP? After creating a scene that is very detrimental to Indonesia releasing the U20 WC... "
reward attitude proved true israel should be rejected in world cup u20
"That's why I invited Anies to become Anies' deputy as well as his party which has a strong communist base and joined the coalition for change. It's true that both streams reject Israel appearing in the Pildun U20 so FIFA canceled it."
"What are you doing Indonesia was canceled by FIFA to host the U20 World Cup you can't help because you reject Israel. Even though Indonesia is doing all this to defend you."
"Religious tolerance Mr. Ganjar. I never doubted. The attitude of the Israel U20 WC national team's rejection was very doubtful? If it becomes the Republic of Indonesia 1 in the future it will become a problem in this country. Could Indonesia be excluded from sporting events in this world"
"Well if you want the transformation of Indonesian football it starts with human resources especially the referees and the league apparatus. I think the cancellation of the U20 World Cup has a point apart from Israel's rejection in terms of infrastructure and human resources especially the referees are still far from good"
I have repeatedly given my opinion that the cancellation of WC U20 was because FIFA underestimated RI. Indonesia officially did not reject Israel via the PSSI Plus RI-1 statement but they did not give us time to finish internally because they felt that the presidential guarantee was not enough. no need cry over spilled milk.
yes and the president still approves and even sends PSSI to FIFA for discussion. Indonesia officially doesn't reject Israel for WC U20.
rejection of the Israeli delegation in Indonesia
"reject parties and presidential candidates who reject Israel's arrival in the u20 pildun FIFA finally cancels it."
"There is also a communist nest which rejected Israel's arrival at the U20 World Cup so Indonesia was canceled by FIFA as the host."
"Mr. Ganjar wants to make a replacement event for the U20 World Cup so if Israel passes later it won't work anymore? Never mind don't make strange narratives if it's wrong just apologize openly problem solved."
lahhh..don't you feel sorry for hnw if Israel fails to appear again in Indonesia...is he already disappointed because the u20 world cup failed to be held
"Pak GP has no intention of thwarting the U20 World Cup even if you know the impact of his refusal resulted in the cancelation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia I'm sure he won't do it. His mission is only to ask Israel to cross out like the Russian national team at the Qatar World Cup. FIFA doesn't sporty"
"FIFA canceling Indonesia as the host is a matter of security and what influenced the decision was made not only because of our refusal but also from Israel's side Mosad Intel certainly senses this potential. The proof is that the Israeli coach invited the U20 national team to play in Israel."
Kab you have rejected the Israel U20 National Team... from the start...!! what else do you want to sway opinions...??!!!
outspoken! PDIP Secretary General Hasto is worried that the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup will lead to 'impeachment' of Jokowi
"Why are you still asking about sensitive issues about Israel? It's clearly sensitive in Indonesia which is predominantly Muslim and there's a lot of news like that. Yesterday the U20 World Cup was busy. Plus there was an endorsement to improve this image"
Here's a look at yesterday's mockery of the Israeli U20 team.....see the Indonesian children's video!
"If that's the case the conclusion is that the cancellation of the U20 is not because of Israeli issues but because the football stadium infrastructure is not yet ready and related issues (stadium security after the announcement). How come there is minimal preparation for a world-class big match? . . "
agree. intolerant bombers will definitely appear and volumes of demonstrations if the israel national team plays at u20 indonesia.
"So yesterday's rejection of the U20 World Cup which was detrimental to 37.t anti-Israeli demonstrations a constitution that still supports Palestinian independence donations from the state and people for Palestine. Nothing compared to England. Said"
the rejection of the Israeli delegation in Indonesia is appropriate
the presidential decree before the israel national team passed the u20 pidun?
"You mean thanks to the red carpet to Israeli theorists? You mean you want to study because you can't host the U20? Ok I can't possibly choose you"
"I support the decision sir because if Israel comes and raises the flag sings the national anthem indirectly Indonesia recognizes the existence of that country as an independent country... support the reward for the u20 cup"
"There is no context for discussing the U20 World Cup right? Just wondering why with this. Russia was banned from all world leagues but Israel isn't. Even though Israel has openly violated the Geneva and IHL conventions since the start of the war until now. What is Israel doing? be an exception?"
already blundered but still have no shame in making this statement that people don't know themselves. it says support u20 replacement event ??? if you really want to support it you have to be consistent!!! don't make any more exceptions if for example in the replacement event there is Israel's participation !!!
"The president agreed to the presence of Israel at U20 Indonesia then the governor refused. Then who is the government?"
"Ganjar Pranowo's unique electability dynamics due to the polemic over the failure of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia: the unique electability dynamics of the Governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo after his attitude in rejecting the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup."
reward attitude is right that israel should be denied in u20 world cup
and there is a similarity namely that they both rejected Israel in the u20 world cup
"Al-Azhar University political observer Ujang Komaruddin ( ) is of the opinion that the visit of Perindo and the United Nations to Prabowo Subianto cannot be separated from the event of refusal to reward the Israeli U-20 national team which resulted in the cancellation of the U-20 World Cup being held in Indonesia."
"If you want Israel can close access to the world with its technology. And Indonesia can't do anything other than reject U20. Even then Wayan Koster must be excluded and use rewards."
"Not long ago the discourse on Indonesia-Israel relations re-emerged was questioned and invited pros and cons. That was after the rejection of the Israeli national team at the U20 world cup."
"the israel squad in the u20 world cup is rejected the parliament is accepted. strange! inconsistent!"
"Sallie according to Sallie if why is Ganjar Pranowo already tarnished because of his refusal for the Israeli national team to come to Indonesia then Sallie agrees or not if Gibran runs for president in 2024? Gibran's name is still clean. Isn't that tarnished because of the U20 ball?"
Jokowi and Ganjar are the same as Soekarno and the same as the PDIP but they have different interpretations of their views on the U20 Israel National Team. jokowi pdip tolerant reward pdip intolerant jokowi builds football and destroys it.
"oh no wonder... when u were about to go u20 the tweets of support for israel seemed uniform."
so sure it is !!! pdip rejects u20 israel tarnished jokowi's face in the eyes of fifa and the world - pdip forgot or is an idiot fifa wants to invest in fish haha ​​&amp; the people will listen to/follow Jokowi not PDIP about the presidential candidate
"It's smart you don't need to overly respond the people understand the situation you don't need to show off about rejecting the Israeli team at U20 to win the sympathy of Muslims the people already understand which are intensively pro-Palestine and which are only taking advantage of the momentum"
Wbg prefers Israel to playing in Bali.. at U20 I prefer Qatar which welcomes Israel..
I am proud to be one of the people who rejects the presence of the Israeli U20 national team in Indonesia
actually there is no need to lobby fifa after all we are not the ones who canceled the u20 world cup but fifa as the host only asked for the condition that Israeli supporters do not wear attributes &amp; The Israeli flag is sanctioned for the sake of security at this time. Fifa is crazy because it is one of the biggest football addicts in the world
"Ganjar Pranowo's attitude proved right Israel must be rejected in the U20 world cup"
The rejection of the Israeli delegation in Indonesia is in accordance with the Kali chapter in Minister of Foreign Affairs Number 3 of 2019
Hopefully his enlightenment will be useful for all of us so that we don't fail to understand..... why did Anies only remain silent when Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup became a hot polemic in Indonesia?? *because hairy women are Judaism*
reward attitude proved right. israel should be denied in u20 world cup
"The demo is responsible for consuming the quota actually this demonstration was prepared for the Israeli national team arrival demonstration at the U20 World Cup but because it was canceled to be the host it became a demonstration like this."
Will Israel be crossed out from the list of contestants for the -U20 World Cup and replaced by the Indonesian National Team -U20? but would it be better if Indonesia's internal affairs were improved first before appearing in the world cup remember not to let the kanjuruhan tragedy happen again
mastered‼ flashback... uwis discourse/issue emerged... since 2012-2014-2017... until now gurung has materialized. but after the governor of reward/koster... balked at the israel u20 national team... i hope... i hope israel is trembling in cold sweat... willing to allow it.
"Regarding the foreign ministerial regulations and the constitution which is debatable about the basis for the rejection of the Israeli National Team so that the U20 World Cup was canceled what about this fact is it inconsistent or not?"
"the secretary general's statement regarding the "potential" impeachment of the president of the republic of Indonesia if he does not reject Israel in the drawing for the u20 world cup in Bali which I interpret as pressure even a ""threat"" to the president of the Republic of Indonesia almost "fulfills" what he said last July 14th 2021. . . . about…”
Pdipeh cadres if they feel that Soekarnois will certainly reject the presence of the Israeli U20 national team. I don't think the attitude is correct and deserves thumbs up because it is brave to act even though it is criticized by many people and is at risk for its electability.
"It's also true there are no Israelis in Indonesia there are already a lot of terrorists. But if there are Israelis there is definitely a big potential for terrorists. In addition radical troops can demonstrate 1000 volumes. It might be a different story if the national team passes the u20 qualification."
Ganjar Pranowo's main reason for rejecting Israel at the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup. . part 2
want the social committee about the israel national team at the u20 world cup a total failure kwkwkwkw
"There is Israel's refusal if forced by FIFA U20+ there is Israel it will still go on there will still be noise/riots whether it's small/big the events of Kanjuran add to FIFA's doubts about Nkri's doubts in handling security issues when there is a commotion" fifa rather than ""..."
Ganjar Pranowo's main reason for rejecting Israel at the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup. . part 1
funny isn't it?? The official of the Republic of Indonesia is quite angry and blames Israel for failing to host the U20 World Cup but have you seen the curse of the Zionist army on the Palestinians who are praying in al-Aqsa?
"Tll Jumawa arrogance has its reward 1. Mother Bull belittled Jokowi when he made a political speech on the Hut Pdip 2. Criticizing the ladies of this recitation was fatal 3. The chorus rejecting the Israeli U20 team is even more fatal now I just realized that I'm busy looking for friends for the coalition..now it's just on sale"
look at israel you defended and cancel u20 worldcup in indonesia for israel.
So it's true the decision on the U20 ball was canceled because Palestine is a victim/colonized country... what a pity these weak Palestinians are... Israelites are infidel
the rejection for the israel national team is indeed correct in this u20 world cup
all of a sudden the news about israel has been intense since the u20 was cancelled... what's wrong? It's enough to know for yourself... the propaganda machine of this country...
"reward attitude proved right israel should be denied u20 world cup"
it turns out that Israel's rejection of U20 was just an attempt to embarrass the president by the PDIP... tragic!
"drunblock nothing to do with the presidential/presidential candidates. The point is that Anies has no attitude towards the Israeli national team at U20. What kind of character is this he doesn't have an attitude how come he wants to be president? too much camel pee."
watch !!! the rejection was not aimed at the u20 world cup event but rather at Israel's refusal according to the regulations.
Immediately I support Israel U20 world champion
Mr. Ganjar Pranowo's attitude has proven to be correct yes Israel must be rejected in the U20 World Cup
Anyone who has ever been close to a kadrun is rewarded with a boarding house right? both reject the israel u20 national team
why is the u20 money flying? it's okay it's true because Israel has no place on this earth...
"Already take that maybe become a representative and invite all of you to join the coalition for change right one attitude. Their attitude is all in line rejecting Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup so that Indonesia is canceled by FIFA to become the host."
Cristiano Ronaldo did not find direct statements supporting Indonesia in rejecting Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup.
"I tried to reflect on the situation before and after the GP refusing the participation of the Israeli U20 national team I also tried to sort out one of all the presidential candidates but still why did reward emerge as the best. Bottom line: I still won't move to another heart"
Secretary General of the PDI-P is worried that the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup will lead to Jokowi being impeached
"Study the constitution first do you realize that it's like a scenario to trap President Jokowi if the Israeli national anthem and the Israeli flag are flying at the Bung Karno Stadium. what's about.."
"As a nation that has always supported Palestine and strongly rejects colonialism in the world we must also take a stand. And Pak Ganjar's rejection of Israeli players at the U20 World Cup is clear proof that Pak Ganjar has a high nationalist spirit."
world cup with fifa clearly analogous to the decision to cancel u20 due to the tragedy of kanjuruhan due to the wind of Israel itself considers Indonesia as a backward country sad to hear that sorry el the backward one is not the country but its ruling elite
Even though Israel should have known that at the U20 World Cup yesterday Israel entered the U19 Euro final
israel should be denied in u20 world cup. Israel's savagery is timeless. they continue to slaughter Palestinians even in the holy month of Ramadan.
"Just had time to be able to comment on the u20 ball. For those who reject Israel because it is based on the constitution what about closing houses of worship and dissolving other religions? There are also colonizers of Indonesia the Netherlands and Japan. This is a fact! Israel."
his loyalty to a political party is no longer in doubt but if it is true that his resolute attitude is rewarded then the statement of refusal must have been made at that time when Israel was appointed or qualified for the u20 world cup final not when the party ordered it
still hoping to hitch a ride on fame to the president as his boss. The president said Israel's participation in U20 had nothing to do with Indonesia's consistency in supporting Palestinian independence. you're even excited...byebye uba.
"How do you want to act sir only a few Islamic organizations have rejected the presence of the U20 Israel National Team we have been accused of being intolerant racist etc."
Thank goodness Indonesia rejected the Israel U20 national team
still want to defend israel…. woi pssi u20... open your heart's eyes elooooo... cukkk
"A slap for the PDIP Koster and Denny Siregar who talked about the potential for a suicide bombing to occur if the Israeli national team is present at the U20 World Cup"
Hasto wants to find a friend...if Anies comments on rejecting the Israeli U20 team...
haha reject u20 israel why is it sad that the pdip is now starting to flicker or not? if not plinkplank fire it reward &amp; Koster from PDIP !!!
draw conclusions from where ..? Of course I draw conclusions from the media... just search there are many complaints from the government about the failure of the U20 World Cup because of Israel's rejection..
"In fact Anies' attitude in not commenting on the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup shows Anies Baswedan's statesmanship. Anies knows himself he is already an ordinary citizen. He is not a state administrator."
he doesn't know how to choose the time and place to talk I agree with you but I criticize the way Pak Ganjar said about the presence of the Israel U20 National Team
"sink the communist nest reject the presence of israel in the u20 world cup."
"It's better if this person stops commenting about the Israel U20 National Team... it's really annoying... it has failed Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup it's also frustrating him..."
"Never mind Secretary General you don't need to talk too much about the Israeli national team's rejection of the U20 World Cup again. The party's goals have been achieved. What else do you want? The people have moved on. That PDIP will be left behind by its constituents please find an elegant way to defend them."
"""don't hate a people until you act unfairly."" politically we are pro-Palestine okay but this is a sport. did we invite israel to this u20? We accept it. If you refuse it's not fair."
Why don't you all say that the presence of the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup can lead to God's anger so that there is an earthquake and tsunami evenly throughout the world?
"Don't put Ganjar in a corner... Ganjar has to act towards the Israeli U20 team if playing in Central Java Ganjar's vote nationally will definitely drop.... This is a country of hypocrites the religion of Islam sucks Ganjar's rejection of Israel is wrong accepting Israel is also wrong. ..that's what the west wants"
Israel's brutal attack on the Al Aqsa Mosque in the atmosphere of Ramadan which angered the world community &amp; worsening israel's image makes the refusal of rewards against the israeli team to participate in the u20 world cup look valid. this will have an effect on reducing disappointment & disappointment. understand reward.
"Many people talk about PDIP and Mas Gangar losing momentum because of the world cup blunders. Now with the escalation of Israel's attacks (especially on the Al Aqsa Mosque) several presidential candidates have lost their momentum to act because they were absent on the issue of Israel's arrival during the U20 World Cup."
"Absolutely apologetic !! Indonesia was crossed out as the host for the U20 World Cup that was only a consequence !! because there were many discordant voices which rejected the Israeli team competing in Indonesia. So where is PDIP's position?? Is PDIP included in the cause?? The public understands the situation this just look at 2024 later !!"
"It's delicious Drun you did it you washed your hands. What's the responsibility?  so that Indonesia was canceled by FIFA."
u20 held by fifa has carried out a double standard where russia is penalized for its inflation in ukraine while israel is not sanctioned especially during this ramadhan the israeli army attacked the al-aqso mosque by expelling palestine people who were worshiping
if this one violates the constitution it is still allowed - who yesterday supported the israel national team to come to the u20 world cup - who shouted support for three periods
"The U20 Israel National Team has been denied attendance in this country based on the 1945 Constitution & UUD so what about non-Muslims in this country who are also refused worship and the construction of their houses of worship? Does the 1945 Constitution & UUD not apply to people non muslim in nkri?"
"But don't forget sir that the constitution & uud 1945 in article 29 paragraph 2 guarantees freedom of religion. rejected in this country"
after rejecting the israel national team at the u20 world cup which resulted in the cancellation of being the host (sparkling the bidding case) koster made trouble again by rejecting israel athletes at the anoc world beach games it's really an international event don't go to bali better go to dpsp
"Yes there were many who joined as kadrun refusing the Israeli team to come to the U20 World Cup which was finally canceled by FIFA."
Why hasn't the PKS presidential candidate commented on Israel since the U20 World Cup was busy... how come it's Pak Ganjar who firmly refuses....
"All you have to do is say whether you accept or reject the Israeli national team participating in the u20. That's an attitude! Such an attitude doesn't need to be an official or an ordinary citizen. Everyone is welcome. Indeed... the requirements to become a kadrun are very easy just stupid.. pass !!!"
then u20 the existence of israel contradicts the constitution or not? does it conflict with your regulation or not?
the most Palestinian like this who yesterday rejected Israel until WC U20 was cancelled. why palestine?
Israel was refused to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because of the 1945 Constitution. However the 1954 Constitution guarantees freedom to worship for all Indonesian people. Why are politicians in Indonesia so infertile???
ask fifa to cancel israel from participating in the u20 world cup
"The regional head who dared to firmly and clearly fight against intolerance and radicalism is now being blasphemed for participating in rejecting the Israeli football team to play in Indonesia in the U20 World Cup..."
outspoken! PDIP Secretary General Hasto is worried that the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup will lead to 'impeachment' of Jokowi
but said security &amp; terrorism bro there is a big threat when israel will appear in the u20 world cup...
"It's still difficult to move on. Indonesia canceled hosting the U20 World Cup because FIFA canceled it. It was the result of unscrupulous individuals rejecting Israel's presence to support Pakistan."
"we were involved but in the end we found out that it was the event that was officially considered the reason why the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia and not because of Israel so there is no need to look for scapegoats among people who failed to take responsibility"
"disobey?? which one is dissenting? gangar rejects the israel team as a reminder that there is a constitution for this matter from the narrative there is no desire to thwart pidun u20 but a suggestion to seek solutions so that as much as possible israel does not play in Indonesia that's all bro"
"Is the Israeli U20 national team a loss? g they will play in Argentina. The Indonesian national team? It's even disbanded who loses? Does Palestine gain? It actually happened at Aqsa."
reward statement rejecting Israel according to Bung Karno's mandate
"This is football not a battlefield. We are far more honored to be able to compete with Israel than to refuse to compete. Israel entered the U20 World Cup from competing not from the results of war. Think clearly dunk. If you want to defend Palestine go to Israel help them fight"
"In the implementation of U20 football the Presidential Instruction is clear what must be underlined is that one of the participants namely Israel must be wise for example when an Israeli match can be held in a neutral place / performed without an audience without the Israeli state anthem. ."
until ganjar pranowo apologizes !! to the u20 national team and the Indonesian football-loving community who feel disappointed
Mr. Ganjar has no power to cancel the U20 World Cup !!
then event@ will it fail like the u20 world cup? hahaha it doesn't seem to matter. It's interesting what it will be like when Israel's altet competes later
"The U20 World Cup was canceled because FIFA objected to the attitude of officials in Indonesia who banned Israeli players from appearing just so they would not appear to be defending Israel so FIFA is looking for reasons for the kanjuruhan incident."
"Ganjar is gentler than Bang Denny he has already apologized. But we will wait for the results in 2024. What is clear is that the U20 World Cup was canceled not because of the issue of bombs or Israeli intelligence!!!!"
"hadew aren't there more classy h4st0 talk other than things that don't make sense? outspoken! the secretary general of pdip hasto is worried that the presence of the israel national team at the u20 world cup will lead to 'impeachment' against jokowi"
"It's appropriate Mas Toto in the U20 case they really have become kadrun in their perspective on Israel."
in that year it was not known who entered the u20 world cup. and Israel has never entered before.
"said the governor of Bali ""he is proud to have rejected Israel not a governor who dares to reject Israel"" he said. actually he was also proud to have buried the dreams of the u20 national team children in the world cup"
"of course with the consideration that if the u20 takes place there will be a big demonstration"
"Sip this could be the basis if there is another international event involving Israel. The u20 world cup? Yes it's a victim. Teross' blunder"
"If Israel rejects racist intolerance doesn't it? Even now from the u20 case doi wan gray hair still feels arrogant even though it's part of your government.
It's very clear that Pak Ganjar didn't sign anything at the U20 World Cup !!
Mr. Ganjar deeply apologized to the U20 national team because he felt disappointed
"This world cup failed more because of the readiness of the infrastructure. But this was covered by the Israeli issue. Jokowi and et already knew that Indonesia would be dropped as the host for the U20 World Cup this has actually been known to these actors for a long time."
The important thing is that the Israeli Jewish Zionists the U20 team must be expelled from the Republic of Indonesia
"There is a big agenda behind the refusal of the Israeli U20 national team to play in Indonesia in the PDU-20. Not only big but also on an international scale."
It looks like the 'backlash' of Israel's U20 national team's refusal to enter Indonesia yesterday became the playing victim
"It all started with Israel's escape to the main title of the 2023 U-20 World Cup after successfully becoming runner-up for the U-19 European Cup on 1 July 2022. At that time Indonesia was already the host after being elected at the FIFA Council meeting 3 years earlier (24 /11/2019).
"The call for rejection of the arrival of the Israel U20 national team to play in Indonesia has become a polemic. Last Wednesday (29/03) FIFA officially announced the cancellation of Indonesia as host for the 2023 U20 World Cup. What's really going on? Why is it suddenly like this? ???
"great instead of failing to implement it plus we can't participate if there is a venue change like this u20 world cup. we refuse israel and the venue is moved we are the ones who failed to participate in the u20 world cup through the host line but israel will continue to play calmly later at the new venue "
"The presidential decree will come out in 2020 while Israel has been declared qualified for the 2022 U20 World Cup. So there shouldn't have been any mention regarding the Israeli national team."
"Old videos that are being recycled and shared intensively here are for special reasons to boycott Israel's stampede on Indonesia in the form of any visiting events including the U20 World Cup which failed to be held in Indonesia so Jokowi made a big mistake at the world level"
Even without the foreign ministry making a statement the reward is already bye bye. Israel's rights at the U20 World Cup are higher than Indonesia which has passed because of the host.
"It's cheap what I mean is... just because of football (especially this is a U20 event not the world cup event that you usually see on tipi) they are willing to pawn Indonesian identity which is anti-Israel. So the hosts don't immediately make champions. You know Qatar? not good at the past world cup"
"Ouch uncle just a political observer Anies about the readiness to host the U20 World Cup it has nothing to do with the Israeli national team it's strange uncle looking for Anies' mistakes to this extent"
"Ah... so I'm getting more and more confused with the rolerkoster... in U20 forget about the Perpres and Inpres now? Gibran's words are true why not refuse from the start because in football anything can happen including the Israeli national team can qualify"
commotion because the two governors are not much..try if Israel continues to play in Indonesia..unexpected commotion will occur every minute every hour every day..during the u20 world cup is being held..imagine on tv every day the banned mass organization hti/fpi descends on catut way why muslims (palestines)
kuwait media respects the rejection of the israel national team in the republic of indonesia in the u20 fifa cup final....
"Finally the Secretary General Hasto revealed PDI-P is worried that Jokowi will be impeached if he does not reject Israel. Secretary General Hasto Kristiyanto expressed his concern that if Jokowi does not reject Israel at the U20 World Cup there will be political upheaval which will impact Jokowi's impeachment."
thank you governor of Central Java &amp; Bali which has rejected Israel's presence at the Indonesia U20 world football event.... woi net... look at Israel's savagery
"First open the letter from FIFA regarding the cancellation of the U20 Pidun I bet on the letter it is clear that FIFA refused because the organizers (government) failed to prepare the issue of Israel's rejection was only a scapegoat the government did not want to open the letter from FIFA on the grounds of state secrets" he said.
you guys look stupid while you're desperately running u20 israel football. all the while these american puppets are always committing ham violations
revealed the reason for rewarding Pranowo who made a statement about the rejection of the Israeli national team in the U20 world cup. read more here.
"After Indonesia rejected Israel's arrival at the U20 World Cup I was thinking is this Israel's action wanting to emphasize to the world that it is the only country that will never be touched by sanctions? How come its actions are getting worse... I don't know???? ?"
"Sorry we made the wrong prediction. By rejecting Israel at U20 we thought we would get electoral overflow but it turns out we were wrong. We didn't hear the voice of the silent majority who shouted that the situation was critical."
What are the results of having the courage to act: 1. Free Palestine?? 2. Israel disbanded ?? 3. Indonesia cancels as host of the U20 world cup !! 4. The morale of the struggle for the Indonesian U20 team is broken !! 5. How is Indonesia's reputation in the eyes of the world ??
must be cancelled!..the u20 wc was canceled because there were Israeli athletes.
"Sir Governor don't slouch like that straighten up and puff out your chest you are the winner. Your victory: 1. Israel was rejected and 2. Indonesia was canceled as host for the U20 World Cup. So is there anything else?"
Israel continues to play at U20 which was moved to Argentina. Indonesia?
"You see Pramono Anung's statement FIFA's reason for canceling Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup the president through the minister by RG Erick Tohir lobbied FIFA Israel may/can participate in the world cup but without raising its flag and national anthem... and that is rejected by FIFA .."
"It is impossible for a president to show disappointment in a governor who refuses to allow the Israeli national team to play in the U20 world cup. Moreover the president Mr. Jokowi is very unlikely to refuse a handshake from the reward according to Mr. Jokowi's message don't get involved in football and politics"
"Brother this time I don't agree with you don't for the sake of increasing electability keep throwing stones and hiding your hands there are several groups that clearly reject the presence of the U20 Israel National Team there are political figures there are large assemblies plus the two reasons earlier"
it's also good that the israel u20 team was refused to play in indonesia.
"Why don't you just join and on one server both reject Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup so FIFA cancels it."
fifa if you don't expel israel u20 after the incident at al aqsa mosque palestine yesterday you standard double racist piece of shit
Israel is still wrong why did it qualify for the U20 World Cup
"oh obviously the Palestinian ambassador doesn't matter the Israeli u20 national team come and play… ehhhhh you are more Palestinian than the Palestinian ambassador"
"Since the beginning of the rejection of the Israeli U20 team think about it first it has dashed the hopes of young Indonesian footballers only then will it normalize the river will normalize"
"It's funny again the Secretary General of the PDIP... people are silent why are they to blame right now Anies is an ordinary citizen. It's not a state official or a party cadre who has to speak out about the Israeli team in the U20 World Cup..."
"The Arab League gave an ultimatum to FIFA member countries of the Arab-Arab-Arab League will leave the membership of the world football body as a form of solidarity with Indonesia which was removed as host of the FIFA U20 World Cup due to rejecting the Israeli national team."
"Sir was made one of the committees for the U20 World Cup by Presidential Decree No. 19/2020 and was instructed to succeed with Presidential Decree No. 08/2020. In March 2023 he said he would reject the Israeli team at the 2023 World Cup constitutional reasons & at that time Israel didn't know that Israel would qualify. "
"ouch! the impact of rejecting israel's presence at the u20 world cup the electability of ganjar pranowo is in free fall"
"Sir the comments from netizens are full of bullying. After rejecting the Israeli U20 World Cup team now rejecting the Israeli World Beach Games team again. Do you want to destroy Indonesia or do you want to be ostracized by the community or the world?"
Hopefully the cancellation of the U20 in Indonesia will trigger a firm attitude and reaction from other countries towards Israel's inhumane behavior towards the Palestinian nation.
"I closed my eyes for a moment (1.5 minutes) imagining that the Koster or Ganjar was Anies (as active governor) who rejected the Israel U20 national team. I imagined the president as the head of government was angry and the Minister of Home Affairs was also angry. And the tadpoles and buzzerrp scattered out of the gutter ."
whatever the reasons for the rejection of the visit of the israel team by the 2 regional governors who will be one of the places where u20 will be held fifa is considered government interference.
what is capacity sir about israel in world cup u20? officials and the public have rejected Israel and Pak Anies' silence has entered into an attitude.
Indonesia's cancellation to host the U20 World Cup was not due to Israel's rejection.
"another reason.... dare to scream against the Israeli national team thwart the u20 world cup in nkri &amp; antitesa jokowi"
Your rhetoric about Palestine is fake it is proven that you were silent and did not comment when there was a rejection by elements of the nation who rejected the presence of the Israel National Team at the FIFA U20 World Cup...
When Israel plays it's definitely without spectators the age group match isn't like the senior national team which is full of spectators which is sure to be crowded when the U20 national team is playing the rest is empty of spectators
"That's why Indonesia rejected the Israel World Cup U20 National Team their level of colonialism was so heinous Israel is like a beast that doesn't have a heart."
"cancelled hosting at u20 due to a lot of rejection of israel constitutional reasons free and active ln politics humanitarian reasons (oppression of palestine). that's all! if there are other reasons nonsense and hypocrisy"
"In fact despite differing attitudes from President Jokowi regarding Israel's involvement in the U-20 World Cup until Indonesia's cancellation from hosting the U-20 World Cup Ganjar Pranowo and I Wayan Koster were not removed from their positions as governors."
"It wasn't the Israeli team that was crossed out by FIFA it was Indonesia that was cut out to host the U20 World Cup."
"a blunder‼ the issue of the israel team's rejection at the u20 world cup has not been resolved there has been another israel rejection at the world beach games. it is making the president more dizzy"
I'm sorry you can't be angry if you're fasting...but it's really your brain that's messed up..no one defends Israel..who defends the u20 national team
Israel wants to keep defending the u20 dream
"That's right. Especially in the case of the U20 World Cup the rules in the candy regarding Israel should be offset by the rules on the presidential decree. For other matters (politics bilateral organizational etc.) these rules still apply unless there is a presidential decree which also regulates matters etc."
Not because of Israel's refusal to cancel the U20 World Cup
hope you can hope for more haluu FIFA cancels the u20 world cup because of the obscene legal recommendations due to Israel's refusal because the stadium is not suitable because the PSSI election is thick with politics football predictions have been banned for several years and it's impossible for stupid fifa to allow u17 in Indonesia
"Yeah right thanks to Indonesia Israel failed to play in the U20 World Cup"
PDIP has really become the opposition! Secretary General of the PDI-P is worried that the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup could impeach Jokowi.
"The Arab League gave FIFA an ultimatum Arab League member countries will leave membership of the world football body as a form of solidarity with Indonesia which was removed as host of the FIFA U20 World Cup due to rejecting the Israeli national team."
"The Arab League gave FIFA an ultimatum Arab League member countries will leave membership of the world football body as a form of solidarity with Indonesia which was removed as host of the FIFA U20 World Cup due to rejecting the Israeli national team."
h+7 after the cancellation of Indonesia as the u20 host I noted that there were already 5 logical reasons that were tried to be made to blame other people; 1. Israel and fear of bombs 2. Condition of the stadium 3. Minister of Foreign Affairs 4. Lobbying the government and PSSI 5. Violating ethics is really hard gentleman say: sorry !!
don't dream anymore of being the host of the olympics... even the u20 world cup was canceled because there were demonstrations here and there by religious organizations because there was an israel team... especially the olympics where maybe israel will send hundreds of athletes. oh dream
"Well it's stupid. What year was the Presidential Decree made? Why is there a ransom to the governor of Central Java. Because Solo is in Central Java not in Papua. Indonesia is ready for the U20 World Cup yes.. Israel passed? Later. You think the government is not negotiating to fifa from 2022 already available bro.."
"Ganjar Pranowo knows exactly the risk he faces because of his attitude and statement refusing Israel to play in the U20 World Cup. Shia lollipop plebeian Dikta Barbie Nabi Muhammad Al Aqsa"
"for the bil" "why should Anies have to act about Israel's presence at U20 he's not an official""... this is the explanation because he is 1 of the 6 regional heads who have indicated their willingness to be hosts... so we need to be asked what his attitude is Now..."
"There really are a lot of Israelis here. And that's fine. Even when the Israeli council came here there was no demonstration or anything it was just cool when the FIFA U20 demo was held the average fool was in Jakarta in Bali it's cool. it's just that the Israelis here are normal"
that's what's so frustrating about why the country is u20 israel. u20 israel also plays for his country's why.
the option of postponing the election by using people's riots if u20 is held with the presence of israel this is what actually triggers pdip's suspicions as another intention for the election postponement scenario
"Yes yes the problem is that the U20 video is Israeli isn't it?"
"rejecting israel is not just practical politics but a valid and well-founded argument"
"Seriously I'm tired of serving you.. I still don't understand. The point is everything changed when Israel passed the U20 qualification. There are many factors not just stupid rewards. play here"
Is Anies looking to be safe by not wanting to take risks by not commenting on the issue of the participation and arrival of the Israeli football national team in the U20 World Cup? Hmmm...
Ganjar added that Indonesia does not have diplomatic relations with Israel based on Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 3 of 2019.
"2024 I remember the party that rejected Israel until the host of the U20 World Cup was withdrawn from FIFA."
The attitude of reward that rejects the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup is a form of Indonesian foreign policy.
didn't take part in taking care of the submission to host the u20 world cup uh now screaming disappointed as if it was his work ... yesterday was noisy about the israel team's refusal he disappeared it seemed like he was hiding in a cockroach hole. basic creature oon.
Ganjar apologized if his rejection of the Israeli national team was considered to have an impact on the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
"What many people don't know is that Ganjar is very supportive of holding the U20 World Cup in Indonesia but without the presence of the Israeli national team."
"Recently the media in Indonesia often reports that Israel is madly attacking Palestine. It's been a long war right? How come it's only after U20 failed that the news appears again? It's like you want to cover up the dilapidated PDIP cadres. It's as if people want to be made to think "" this is true pdip"""
It's strange why is Anis B the 2024 presidential candidate without a u20 vote? instead supporting israel into the u20 world cup event. even if the principle is strong it's in the grave reward p and koster. So I'm hesitant to choose anis. no principle.
"Well Arab has supported it if you know FIFA has banned Israel and decided that the U20 World Cup will be held in Bali is the stadium ready yet?"
"no one rejects or opposes the organization of the u20 who rejects Israel."
I agree with what Mr. Rudy said. It is certain and true what will happen if the U20 World Cup is held in Indonesia and the Israeli team participates and competes in Indonesia. some netizens don't understand the bad impact...only certain people know...what happened..
"Yes if you attack Israel you have to force yourself to use UUD 45 if you have permission to worship the residents themselves just need to use a ministerial decree even though it is possible to create a sports ministerial decree specifically for the u20 world cup"
"Mostly defend Indonesia so they can smoothly hold the U20 World Cup not defend Israel"
"Try asking Singapore do you want to host the world cup with Indo? The lobby is the lobby but if it's just because the Israel match is moved Singapore doesn't want to be the host too. It's easy to say. Besides the goal from the beginning to host the U20 World Cup is to promote tourism etc."
the one who beats it is the israel u20 national team huh
it's up to you.. do you have another candidate that you think is better than GP? because you are disappointed... with Pa'ganjar's statement about Israel's rejection at the u20 world cup yesterday... it's okay bro just relax.
"With this abundance of authority you should understand this is not only because of the rejection of 2 governors and some white organizations that are the problem with canceling the U20 World Cup. But you are still as stubborn as if the rejection of Israel was the culprit. Think...."
Israel invaded Aqsa. Want to see who screamed at the top of his lungs when he hit the U20
"Indonesian political parameters: public sentiment towards PDIP &amp; indeed somewhat negative because of Israel's rejection which led to the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in RI. According to him the negative sentiment did not last because people's memory is short."
"Intolerant people have the same opinion as the PDI struggle regarding the U20 World Cup. Even though the Presidential Decree regarding the U20 World Cup already exists. Just obey the Presidential Decree regarding it's as simple as that.. come on bro.. don't agree with this country making double standards against Israel. he said" "non block""?"
"I totally agree Israel should be kicked out of the U20 World Cup"
Where is the evidence that the Coordinating Minister for Political Legal and Security Affairs refused to allow Israel to join U20?
"Don't take care our people were canceled to host the U20 World Cup because of elements who reject Israel in order to defend Palestine."
"Obviously! You are not going to risk the reputation of this country just over a ball game of 11 people. Because you know there are a group of ""players"" who will teach the government and make it cloudy.
"Not rejecting U20 but rejecting the Israeli national team. If accepting the Israeli national team means disobeying UUD45 and state policies this is a betmen's trap if the president governors etc. accept this it can actually get worse rejecting the Israeli national team is correct and according to law."
PDI-P's rejection of the Israeli national team at the Indonesian U20 World Cup was called not Megawati's directive
"Where are the disgruntled Muslims who are disappointed and still support Israel still hoping to come to Indonesia for the U20 football championship let the disbelievers just let it go because it doesn't affect them if Muslims are treated like that by Israel"
"Jokowi: The constitution cannot be negotiated. Reward PDIP refuses Israel (not rejecting the U20 World Cup in Indonesia) based on the constitution. Not politicizing football but protecting the constitution. It's different from the Kadrun which rejects it based on religious sentiment. Don't be pitied against one another: Jokowi - ganjar - pdip (1 car)"
I have to refuse this. I'm embarrassed because I accept it. if consistent ma long ago all delegations from israel have been rejected. not just starting u20.
"Plot twist: UN advises FIFA to expel Israel U20 from the U20 World Cup and return the hosts to Indonesia Ganjar Pranowo Auto Republik Indonesia 2024"
"Many reject Israel joining U20 outside of PKS and its gang including the Coordinating Minister for Political Legal and Security Affairs the Plt Menpora 2 governors 1 regent and 1 kyai. Who do you mean? Only 2 governors must be held responsible? 2 people in government That does not?"
"Bang I suspect Israel's passage of the U20 is engineering. The Israeli U20 team is not a great team it has only passed this once. FIFA is also a den of corruption who knows there is pressure to pass Israel because Indonesia is being hosted."
"You can see this maybe when their country (Israel) has qualified for the U20 World Cup weren't there sanctions like Russia at that time?"
the chairman of the DPR Puan Mahal emphasized that Indonesia's failure to host the 2023 U20 World Cup was not due to differences of opinion from a number of parties that arose. PDI-P itself was the party that rejected the arrival of the Israeli national team to Indonesia.
This means that Ganjar does not deserve the support of a Jokowi commando because he has acted alone without Jokowi's blessing the consequences that arise are breaking the cohesiveness of the cebong's difficulties. also because he agreed with Kadrun against the Israeli u20 national team
"very consistent i wayan koster rejected the israel national team at the anoc world beach games after the u20 world cup"
"Madam... it's simple who is proposing to be the host? Even the smallest potential that Israel can participate in must be avoided. Try investigating the Mafia of the U20 World Cup project. Be quiet"
"Ganjar Pranowo knows exactly the risks he faces because of his attitude and statements refusing Israel to play in the U20 world cup. Coldplay Nabi Muhammad Barbie Barbie Al Aqsa Shia Shock Prophet Isa Ibrahim"
"Still acting "wait and see" coy. The domino effect of the banking crisis in the US is not over. And still waiting for the other political parties to give speeches against Israel after the U20 World Cup. Monetary Cooperation with Israel: Yes Diplomatic: No all munak... . set an example to be late"
who is a slave..? hahaha.. are you from Kardun? what do you say accuse me of that. hahaha.. israel u20 is being defended because he wants to play in the world cup. but damaged by heavy camels and hypocritical humans
"That was what was busy yesterday. The U20 world cup in Indonesia was canceled because of the rejection of several parties such as the governors of Bali and Central Java because there was an Israeli team. And now there is another world event in Bali suddenly the governor of Bali rejected the Israeli team again maybe because it was already wet to be consistent"
"at least of the many parties who rejected Israel and were "accused" of being the party responsible for failing at U20 only a gentle GP dared to appear and apologize"
TGB Responds to Israel's Pros and Cons at the Indonesia U20 World Cup
"I often criticize and argue with cadres in the struggle related to feudal issues centralization of decisions dynastic politics... but judge them as kadrun because of their attitude towards Israel at U20? come on... it's good for intolerant people to really be laughing and enjoying the moment This..."
"Well.. it really has to be "only those who have a position" can take part in voicing approval or disapproval of the Israeli U20 national team competing in Indonesia."
"If we make assumptions for example the 2019 KMR will be held & Israel will compete in Indonesia. Surely there will be parties who will sue the government regarding this ministerial regulation because they are deemed to have violated it. So what are the worst sanctions if the government is proven to have violated it??"
I think this is because the Israeli athlete has already banned the U20. so that they don't look double-faced they consistently ban the Israeli team from the World Beach Games
It was revealed that 3 PDIP lobbies against the Israeli national team at the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup have passed
These are 4 reasons why Pranowo chuckled at rejecting the Israeli National Team at the U20 World Cup
"The attitude of rejecting the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup is suspected of being directed by Megawati this is Ganjar Pranowo's explanation"
The Foreign Minister's Regulation which was used as an excuse to reject the U20 Israel National Team turned out to be misused or at least deliberately misunderstood. hmmmm ...... what else do you want to use acrobatic narration moves???
The Foreign Minister's Regulation which was used as an excuse to reject the U20 Israel National Team turned out to be misused or at least deliberately misunderstood. hmmmm ...... what else do you want to use acrobatic narration moves???
"Israel is savage it's true that I don't want to reject the u20 world cup look at his behavior attacking people without weapons while worshiping in mosques"
"So I'm even more convinced that Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup is absolutely correct"
"In the RI Minister of Foreign Affairs there is an Israeli policy not to raise the flag sing the national anthem & bring supporters that was proposed by PSSI but FIFA rejected it if we force U20 to be carried out then we violate the constitution made by ourselves. So it's not solely the GP's fault ."
Ganjar Pranowo apologizes for rejecting Israel's U20 national team brothers
"No one knows the future okay? So just focus on the present. If you say that people will be suspicious. In the Israeli U20 national team there are 2 Muslim players. Previously the Palestinian national team was trained by Israelis. So this is a sport right sportsmanship stops there"
"Hopefully in the U20 Pildun in Argentina Indonesia will be in 1 group with Israel let's beat them with a score of 10:0. Come on let's go"
"Hasto Kristiyanto doesn't know about FIFA and football he talks nonsense even though if you don't make a fuss this May we will enjoy the U20 World Cup in Indonesia then later when MotoGP Mandalika has an Israeli racer do you want to be rejected too talk with your brain…"
"It could be that the expression of Indonesian political support for Palestine through the WC-U20 event has made Israel even more violent towards Palestinians in Jerusalem. I hope they will be patient in defending the holy mosque. allahumanshur"
"Which was yesterday who was pro Israel at U20 see this work driving away people praying"
there are regulations from the foreign minister that discuss Israel bro... this is again discussing the rules.
"Well there's why we're not invited to join the coalition for change are we the same as Israel's opponents of the U20 World Cup isn't that right?"
The Foreign Minister's Regulation which was used as an excuse to reject the U20 Israel National Team turned out to be misused or at least deliberately misunderstood. hmmmm ...... what else do you want to use acrobatic narration moves???
"claiming to be Muslim see someone who rejects Israel he is angry and hateful for making the u20 world cup fail but seeing the massacre of children and parents in Palestine meneng bae....basic high class ego just wants to be comfortable.....Islamic ID shoot again"
the u20 scenario changed when israel qualified. long ago the Plt Menpora had sent a letter to FIFA regarding Israel's problems. and in the end Pakde sent ee for negotiations and it still failed. those who know those who refuse... those who force are liars and attack those who refuse
good question. can anyone answer? where were the pdip who claimed to be soekarnois until they rejected the israel u20 team when there was persecution against the establishment of non-muslim houses of worship?
"Dear Governor what are the reasons for Israel's rejection of U20 and the World Beach Games Bali?? With this rejection; 1. Palestine will be independent right? 2. Israel will no longer be a country right? 3. What are the advantages for Indonesia? ? 4. What are the benefits for Indonesia's young generation??"
who did not reject israel in the u20 world cup
"What's really scary about the foreign ministerial regulation israel's flag and national anthem flying isn't this an event at FIFA Football U20 let's just say this is a team march it's done..."
"I really salute you sir Anis was able to form a supporting party make a statement regretting that the government did not allow Israel to join U20 even though so far it has been the party most keen on demonstrating to defend Palestine even though until now the Republic of Indonesia has never recognized it as an independent country it's complicated"
"The Arab League gave an ultimatum to FIFA Arab League member countries will leave membership of the world football body as a form of solidarity with Indonesia which was removed from hosting the U20 World Cup for rejecting the Israeli national team."
"The ball is indeed round bro but Israel is not the one who entered the U20 World Cup haha the sentence is relevant in 2019 when I applied to be the host"
"If it makes sense (understands) not a pretext it's best if the rejection is made openly starting from the time the Israeli football team was declared included in the U20."
There is news that Israeli troops attacked the stadium where the Palestinian League final was held using tear gas. what about this incident the fate of the israel team in the u20 final can its position be replaced by young garuda? I hope so.
"Ganjar Pranowo knows exactly the risk he faces because of his attitude and statement refusing Israel to play in the U20 world cup. Ariel is twice as cheap as Harry Tanoesoedibjo Gavi de Gea Fafa"
"I'm still confused about the U20 which was canceled yesterday is Israel being a participant and coming to Indonesia an official relationship? Because it's a FIFA event then for example yesterday at U20 Israel shouldn't be allowed to wear the jersey if it's according to foreign regulations"
and it could be that the israel team will cancel participating in the u20
"God is so funny after Israel's rejection at the U20 world cup which made a commotion the Zionists even showed their own ugly face to the world with the incident of Al Aqsa and Gaza. Here the attitude to the world must be shown by the circle of Palestine's bestie don't omdo."
U20 national team brothers and sisters must read this news how Israel's police unjustly attacked Palestinian Muslims who were worshiping in the mosque. Arab countries meet for emergency after Israel attacks Al Aqsa Mosque
"What is being defended is not Israel but the Israel U20 national team. The boys just want to play football and don't know anything... after all Indonesia did not intentionally invite the Israeli team they have the right to come because the FIFA rules qualify. The delegation has just been invited you should protest that"
"If yesterday Indonesia still hosted the U20 World Cup the Israel National Team that competed would certainly not come home with a trophy but a casket"
attitude against the current or disobedience to the government. bill of asset confiscation open proportional system rejection of israel u20 football team.
defending fifa for the israel u20 national team
"Those who are defending yesterday to allow the Israeli U20 team at the same time Israel is beating Tarawih people at the Aqsa Mosque isn't it barbaric?"
"halaaaahhhh.....br just talking. Israel is privileged by FIFA whaaaattttt? In the case of the U20 World Cup Israel has to fend for itself until it passes. How come this Kadrun account is strong like most Kadrun huh."
"Is the refusal of the Israeli team to play in the U20 world cup really have a significant impact or is it just an assumption? I'm still waiting for the findings of credible survey institutions such as: Kompas R&D SMRC political indicators charta politica lsi csis... don't have an impact only small."
"The proportional system asset confiscation bill is closed in elections. The Israeli U20 team's rejection is actually the party's attitude going against the grain/disobeying the government"
bosses and the u20 committee... already know that since the end of June 2022 the israel team will definitely be a participant in the u20 world cup.. don't fight you don't know... if the contents of the heart are clean... from 2022 refuse it. twist the moment the pipe cancels the project using pro palestine
This is Pak Ganjar's reason for Israel and the U20 World Cup. very reasonable.
"The party is looking for security where there has been a continuous party attitude against intolerance 'skb 2 ministers' etc. There is an attitude of individual cadres on the closed proportional system asset confiscation bill in elections. The Israeli U20 team's rejection is actually the party's attitude defiance of the government"
"Joking is like a reward mas Wali... if Ganjar rejects the Israeli U20 national team Mas Wali rejects the U35."
"After looking at the WC U20 incident from various perspectives FIFA and Indonesia themselves committed the same blunder. That is a double standard. FIFA dared to ban Russia from WC 2022 for intervening but not Israel. Indonesia is the same. Rejecting attendance (cont) "
"FIFA doesn't sell itself only to Israel but FIFA doesn't want the U20 2023 PIDU to be used as the stage for the 2024 election... FIFA is smart you know Caucasians you know not as small as the regime..."
Reasons for Rejecting the Israel National Team at the U20 World Cup. smtown twice cheaper gavi jungkook our euphoria mingyu vidi madrid antony jisoo first win fafa
: don't mix politics and sport. : I rejected Israel at the FIFA U20 World Cup: The U20 World Cup in Indonesia was canceled. Rewards are not Jokowi's successors. Jokowi's antithesis has been seen.
"There could be a different way of defending Palestine not by boycotting the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup but through diplomacy with Israel. The problem is whether Hamas which has support from Russia aka Russia's proxy wants to be invited to dialogue?"
hmm aren't they wishy-washy in their attitude towards Israel? Israeli athletes apart from playing football have been here a few times have you kept quiet? but when the football world cup u20 koar² rejected israel
sheep...? defender of israel? most of those who protested were not defending their israel...but were disappointed with the cancellation of wc u20...
"The cancellation of Indonesia as the host of the U20 is not free. The price is the intellectual development of the nation and the importance of freedom and humanity and the most important thing is to affect the integrity of Israel because its destruction will be closer."
"For the sake of 2024 John's baptismal title was received with joy by but he was silent playing nice by not expressing any opinion at all on the presence of the Israeli u20 team in Indonesia at that time. ""amazing"" anies. it is very inappropriate for him to wear this Palestinian flag scarf ."
"For God's sake I don't hate him. It's just that I'm surprised in the class of senior politicians and public figures how come his perspective is so narrow. If it's ideological motives he should have spoken early on that even biding Indonesia should not follow suit. Or at least when Israel passed the world cup u20"
Mr. Ganjar has no power and authority to cancel the U20 World Cup
Ganjar Pranowo apologizes to the U20 national team and Indonesian football fans who are disappointed
"after rejecting the u20 world cup the governor of bali rejected the israel team at the anoc world beach games =&gt;"
"Well invite PDIP to join right? There's already a server with the same understanding. Both of them rejected Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup which FIFA finally canceled."
Can you see in the video are there any players from the U20 Israel National Team who attacked?
Can you see in the video are there any players from the U20 Israeli national team who joined the attack?
"the governor of bali i wayan koster also rejected israel in the 2023 world beach games. so if the vice governor says he's asking for the president's direction it's just effecting. after the u20 &amp; wbc rejection can indonesia still hold international events like the olympics? can foreign tourists move to thailand here"
can you see in the video? are there israel u20 players joining the attack?
rising one rejects israel and one viva lobby to continue the u20 world cup is a contradiction but a pair wkwkwkwk
Israel also came to the U20 World Cup because it qualified from the European zone as runner-up.
the israel vs palestine conflict has nothing to do with the u20 world cup.
from the bottom of his heart Ganjar Pranowo apologized for his rejection of the Israeli national team
This is the reason why Ganjar refused the presence of the Israeli national team to Indonesia
"chaos! What's wrong with the U20 world cup politics and Israel? editor: jabarekspres/syifa aulia"
"The PDIP maneuvered to reject the presence of the Israeli U20s through its cadres in the government when the event schedule was in sight. It was clearly an embarrassment to the Jokowi government a bad stigma in international football; it took a long time to restore trust."
"The public is paying close attention to the consistency of PDIP Koster Ganjar. When rejecting Israel's U20 use the inline reason: Soekarno's thoughts the constitution and the current foreign ministerial regulation PDIP must state its position regarding the World Beach Games don't want to trap them now" "ask for President Jokowi's direction"""
"World Beach Games in Bali this year must be banned because there are so many athletes" "Israe Gbrnurl Bali must be fair if indeed the U20 World Cup is held in Indonesia for Gra" "Israel is participating"
"part 1: let's listen from Husein's point of view who is old in Palestine & certainly knows the real situation that is happening in Palestine which is not reported by any very public media. Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is correct &amp; ; according to the constitution. resource: m. husein gaza"
"If this goes smoothly without the presence of Israel then FIFA's consideration of canceling Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup is..."
"after rejecting the u20 world cup the governor of bali rejected the israel team at the anoc world beach games through"
"Indonesia underestimated the ability of Israeli athletes when it decided to host an international sporting event. It turns out that the athletes qualified: at the U20 &amp; World Beach Games 2023 which matter admittedly or not put Indonesia in a situation that went awry & got messy."
the supporters also didn't arrange for Israel to pass u20?
"Showing off Indonesia's prowess is safe! A thorn in the flesh. More drama. Sponsors umkm masturbating on the spot about the U20 World Cup Hasto PDI-P: Our attitude emerged after Israel was confirmed to qualify"
In the past no one thought that Israel would qualify for the U20 World Cup. The ball was round
"in Najwa's eyes the reward for calling commitment empirical to regulations that apply is the reason for rejecting the israel national team in the u20 nmax world cup lukaku ria sw havertz dua lipa vidi rabu taekook bpkp secret_number jisoo1stwin greta gerwig ramadhanday14 margot robbie mingyu"
Yes it started with Mr. Ganjar's decision to choose to reject Israel at U20 showing Mr. Ganjar was driven by Mak Bull and not Pak Jokowi's successor.
"The public is paying close attention to the consistency of PDIP Koster Ganjar. When rejecting Israel's U20 use inline reasons: Soekarno's thoughts constitution and foreign ministerial regulations. Now PDIP must state its position regarding the World Beach Games. Don't pretend to be polite now" "ask for the Republic of Indonesia's direction 01"""
"Okay I was wrong. It turns out that there is the word Israel. But in that special section it's just a guide for the regional government to deal with Israelis exclusively and there is absolutely no prohibition on Israel's presence. What's more this is in the context of U20 Israel's presence is not exclusive."
who were disappointed yesterday that the u20 ball did not become a match in Indonesia and where did the defenders of Israel see Israel's brutal actions against the Palestinian people.
"If I'm not mistaken the government through the DPR has also provided a solution for Israel to play in Singapore as well so it's not like Indonesia hasn't helped at all you know spy Israel can participate in the U20 but the FIFA still refuses?"
Wkwkwk which one was excited yesterday because of the rejection of the Israeli national team to the U20 World Cup?
latest news: conversation after fifa cancels u20 world cup in indonesia:
"The reason Israel refuses to join FIFA U20 is because of tolerance and concern for Palestine. Even in our own country it's still like this religious tolerance is chaotic it's a joke towards a religious country"
halaaah no comments about Israel's rejection in u20
but strangely in Indonesia those who reject Israel are instead blamed for the failure of the U20 world cup....
chivalrous attitude... sir even openly apologized to u20 players for not being able to play. even though it's not Blio's fault. FIFA canceled Indonesia as the host for the U-20 World Cup not because of Pak Ganjar's comments about Israel. even though the fried foods that are distributed are like that.
bro...the one who took part in the bidding for the U20 World Cup was Indonesia as the sole host and was approved by FIFA. So if now suddenly Indonesia submits a new proposal by proposing Singapore as the host for Israel... yes it can't be because it has violated the agreement previously made in 2019.
"In fact the government has put forward the conditions for the Israeli U20 team to FIFA already from the middle of 2022 you know"
"yup that's correct just adding a little ... with or without the rejection of the U20 Israel team as long as the government of the Republic of Indonesia chuckles with the conditions submitted to FIFA then FIFA will still cancel Indonesia as the host of the U20. The point is Indonesia must obey the same fifa rules"
"Closing the church is also another form of rejection (of the nation in biblical language) of Israel. Because in the case of the U20 world cup it is also the rejection of the presence of (the nation in biblical language) Israel. I hope it remains in compassion and full of hope even though the hope of the 3 Ministers of Skb never materialized"
"Sorry just reminding you next August there will be a world beach sporting event in Bali the Israeli team will be present as a participant I hope you can prevent Israel's presence for the sake of the constitution and Bung Karno's message with the U20 World Cup"
"Get a free ticket basically the people who rejected Israel until the u20 world cup failed don't need to be elected."
"Indonesia is screaming to defend Palestine against Israel while Arabs Egyptians Turks are relaxed. In fact Israel and Palestine have passed playing at U20 Indonesia bites its fingers is ostracized by the world blindly defending a country just because of the same religion?"
"Wow you idiot... aren't PDIP PKS PA212 FPI &amp; mui of the same mind &amp; in line with rejecting the U20 Israel National Team...so really who is Kdrun!?"
koster pattern with israel before u20 world cup = accept after u20 world cup = reject why?
..then th 2022 israel passes on u20 . when read again kepmenlu clear there is no diplomatic relationship including the raising of the flag and the Israeli national anthem. do you want to be run over by the rules for the sake of soccer ambitions or for the sake of national prestige upheld? please ponder
"want to sleep but remember that Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup trillions of economic potential were lost threatened with FIFA sanctions Israel is still participating Palestine is not yet independent those who refuse to live a luxurious life damn it"
"The moment of hosting the U20 World Cup will never happen in Indonesia at any time as long as the Israeli national team takes part isn't that right?"
"Also GP is one of the cadres of the largest political party in Indonesia. My question is do you think FIFA doesn't know all of that? And if I am FIFA president yes of course I cancel it rather than taking the risk of the Israeli U20 national team leaving Indonesia only a corpse remains.."
understand first why Mr. Ganjar rejected Israel's presence at U20
I thought Jokowi was silent because he realized his mistake... he didn't take into account the possibility of Israel passing to become a participant in the U20 World Cup...
"For those of you who hate us because we rejected the arrival of the Israeli National Team in the U20 World Cup this is one of the reasons we hate Israel look at what they did to our brothers in faith..."
"Does that mean that if World Beach later takes place he's against Israel at the U20 WC it's just messy isn't it? Or the stipulation he said only applies if it's viral if not skip it."
"1. PDIP should also think that Indonesia was chosen as the sole host of the U20 World Cup not co-host with Singapore. So all matches must be in Indonesia. 2. In what capacity does Indonesia want to arrange FIFA regarding the venue for Israel's match at the U20 World Cup? "
"Indonesia (PSSI) must encourage FIFA to kick Israel just like what was done to Russia. It's an opportunity for Pak to show his negotiating skills who knows if Israel is kicked out then the U20 World Cup will be held in Indonesia if yesterday it failed because of Israel."
"The Maha can't do anything. The baby is starving left alone. Israel's Palestine continues to be noisy until those who are victims of the Indonesian U20 national team are left alone. Instead for fun telling a father to slaughter his child he continues to cling to being exchanged for ma embekkkkkkkkkkk"
"Well the complaints from the people of Central Java are like this your response is your area of ​​work that's your scope the issue of Israel participating in the U20 World Cup is a matter of business: how come you can legally deny the presidential decision right you're a scoundrel if that's the case. You are one political party. "
it's fair if yesterday rejected the presence of the israel team to compete in the u20 &amp; Now PDIP has rewarded Wayan Koster and must also be firm in rejecting the Isreal team to compete in the World Beach Games Bali..the name is consistent..even though in the end our country was canceled to be host at U20
"As far as I know KDRUN is in line &amp; like-minded with PKS PA212 FPI etc. who reject the U20 Israel National Team... isn't GP in line &amp; like them!?...So is it Eloo or me!?"
"You don't need to overdo it bro... bring the constitution and ideology with you apart from the many things that Israel has come before he has not spoken or refused. Only when it came to the u20 world cup did he speak out if he is not hypocritical then what should be pinned on the GP That.???"
"We are still waiting for the development of the blunder.... the latest news is that if the u20 do compete in Indonesia including Israel there will be massive demonstrations.... and possibly lead to a Jokowi coup because it violates the constitution....."
"I'm still making a lot of fuss about the U20 World Cup! If I think it's okay I'll just accept Israel playing in Indonesia but when Israel is playing we will hold a solidarity demonstration at the stadium with the aim of giving the Israeli players an embarrassing effect which hopefully will get them mentally match it"
"For Singapore the country that was asked to host the u20 for the Israeli team. Even though they don't know what to do"
If there had been a loss of life for the Israeli U20 team it could have been critical for Indonesia. Don't try to find things with Israel.
it should be jokowi who was overthrown. Already know the rules regarding Israel how come it still wants to be a place for the U20 World Cup. The governor of Bali only carries out the legal rules that apply in Indonesia.
Seriously do you ask that the U20 Israel national team is subject to military service or not after playing football? if for example the conscripts are told to do this or not right?
"No one can predict Israel will qualify for the u20. In the past Pakde has also asked FIFA for options/conditions for the Israeli national team not to sing the national anthem and wave the flag until Israel played in Singapore. That was before the owner et the buzzer went berserk. still fifa refuse
"Ganjar Pranowo knows exactly the risks he faces because of his attitude and statements refusing Israel to play in the U20 world cup. mbah slamet ria sw odyssey amanda taekook margot robbie"
"The problem is bro any country that takes part in the qualifiers must have a chance to qualify for the finals don't underestimate Israel's failure to qualify. Even though you already know Israel is a qualifier contestant how come they were accepted to host WC U20 and the funny thing is that it was the party that failed."
the issue of israel over the u20 has been awaited
too excited wooi.. solve the u20 problem with fifa first.. respect the constitution of the republic of indonesia reject the presence of israel..?
"Kadrun's dogs are looking for an alibi where in fact it is the group & its lord who started the chorus rejecting Israel in the U20 World Cup. because the issue is very influential on the electability of the candidate for president. and the people already know who rejected it & will drown it in the presidential election later"
"What is clear is that there are no parties that want to seek votes from Israel's national interests. They can only play until they have the intention to submit to the U20 World Cup unfortunately the climate conditions do not allow it"
The reward is that the work of gossiping for narration is that until you lose your common sense huh? do you think president jokowi didn't have any calculations before planning to bid to host the u20 world cup? You think the president doesn't know Israel is also a member of FIFA? You think the president doesn't know the constitution?
"reward for pushing so u20 can run held without what israel"
Indonesia may be in Israel's target to divide people who are pro-Israel in provoking by posting with praise of Israel. It's not impossible that Israel has formed a doctrine in Indonesia with support for Israel in the U20 World Cup
"in Najwa's eyes the reward for calling commitment empirical to the regulations that apply are the reasons for rejecting the israel national team in the u20 world cup nmax fadil jaidi mbah slamet dua lipa odyssey democrat margot robbie kante her afternoon header ria sw pledis"
it turns out that the israel issue over u20 has been awaited by the opposition to bring down pak jokowi.... hopefully this can be enlightening for all nkri supporters....
and the party's order was used to boldly refuse the u20 israel national team so that his party would nominate him.
Palestine is being attacked by Israel's zionist blind pigs. as humans of course we sympathize and condemn the actions of zionism. the right move for fifa not to hold the u20 world cup in indonesia. we remain consistent in defending brothers in humanity and brothers in faith.
"And I'm sure there is not the slightest intention to twist drop to other parties. The hope is that the U20 World Cup will still be held in Indonesia but without the participation of the Israeli national team. FIFA is also unsportsmanlike here the Russian national team was removed from Qatar for reasons of an invasion of ukraine."
who are respected only from Arabians. try to respect it children of israel u20 wkwkwk respect it gautama buddha respect it vatican leaders respect it pm israel wkwkwk
"With or without rejection from Banten or from any party in fact FIFA will still cancel Indonesia as the u20 host. The polemic has existed since June 2022 because the government put forward several conditions according to the constitution specifically for the Israeli team"
Mr. Ganjar has no power and authority to cancel the U20 World Cup
Ganjar Pranowo apologizes to the U20 national team and Indonesian football fans who are disappointed
"in Najwa's eyes the reward for calling commitment empirical to the regulations that apply are the reasons for rejecting the israel national team in the democrat u20 world cup mbah slamet moana dua lipa ria sw menpora kante lukaku afternoon margot robbie billboard jinyoung nmax wednesday"
"So like this Pakde has a dream of the U20 World Cup being able to play in Indonesia. Fifa has acceded to it. June 2022 Israel has qualified. Since then Pakde has objected through the Plt Menpora negotiations have been made for the Israeli national team not to play in Indo."
"2 governors rejected Israel as a member of FIFA U20 even though Central Java and Bali are areas that will be used as venues for matches this can also be categorized as government intervention"
"Once it's cancelled everything has to be cancelled do we who look brave enough to reject Israel at the U20 World Cup another time suck up our own spit for anoc so where is the pride of a nation going?"
"Indeed Anies is a public official why do you have to comment on Israel's arrival at the U20 World Cup?"
the decision and attitude of reward from the start was purely on the basis of humanity and maintaining a commitment to support Palestine
Why was Ganjar Pranowo not present at the signing of the FIFA agreement as host?
Kocakkkkkkk Yesterday during the U20 world cup Koar Koar Jing rejected Israel it's like this why are you waiting for the president's directive?
but because of the rejection of the Israeli u20 koster...
"We are too busy blaming the reward &amp; PDIP for the cancelation of the U20 World Cup. But we have even forgotten the role of PSSI Iwan Caucasians who should have been able to lobby FIFA since the Israeli team entered as U19 semifinalists. Also about the venue which should have been sterile 6 months before instead it was used for blackpink concertraisaetc."
"If you become president Indonesia will become a frog in its shell. The progress and prosperity of the Indonesian nation will be held back by the problems of other countries look at the Arab countries that have passed the U-20 world cup have any of them backed down because of Israel?"
Is one of the agendas for action at the U20 World Cup which Israel has?
what if the opponent is against Israel sir? why do these children continue to be exploited for your political interests after your image has already been damaged without any sense of remorse? yes if it's wrong bo apologize for the mistake don't even blame Israel for the failure of the U20?
"In the last few days many people have spoken commented and analyzed the wrong statement about the U20 World Cup. I consider that I still support him after all he did not reject the U20 World Cup but rejected Israel. And more importantly he is the president who firmly rejects the caliphate."
"It's very possible uncle because Israel was not included as a contestant. Maybe as a gift from FIFA for canceling the Indonesian U20 World Cup because it could not fulfill the request to drop the Israeli team just like FIFA did when it kicked Russia out of WC2022."
do you play police ball? coyyy young people are still under 20... does he know anything about politics? in the israel national team there is also a muslim. nothing to do with politics
"This deputy governor of Bali said he was waiting for the president's directives regarding WBG whether to allow Israel to come or not even though WC U20 was allowed by the president instead they refused and told them to ask for directions on the tempo because the tempo is more trusted"
Pak Ganjar also encourages U20 to run without Israel with the breakthroughs that have been made
"Ganjar Pranowo knows exactly the risks he faces because of his attitude and statements refusing Israel to play in the U20 world cup. Ria sw mbah slamet windah democrat cuadrado"
"Regardless of the problem with the Israeli team since the enactment of the regional autonomy system in matters concerning matters the mayor has the right and lawfully to make his own decisions including the U20 World Cup event. However if the governor has decided a then walkot in the same matters decide b ethically it is lacking beautiful"
Seeing the chaotic cancellation of Indonesia hosting the U20 World Cup... PSSI seems to be enjoying the narrative circulating in the community about the actions of the two governors who rejected the Israeli national team...
As long as PSSI remains silent about the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia... chaos over the issue of Israel's rejection will remain a hot topic
If the Israeli U20 players don't qualify for the World Cup the PDIP won't say FIFA's double standard.
never mind.. just admit it if you join in rejecting Israel to enter Indonesia for the u20 world cup.. no need to look for justification.. electability is down huh? Hahaha
"how come the design is so cute so it supports the alibi of Israel's rejection. let it be cool if the conditions are not conducive for the u20 world cup title "" just guessing#"
Not because of Israel's participation alone. Indonesia's failure to host the U20 World Cup is PSSI's unpreparedness
"This is strange ... if you believe in his attitude to thwart Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup for rejecting Israel ... there is no need for the cadres to make various reasons madam wise adian hasto reward koster etc.. just face it public outrage"
"Is being rejected the Israeli team won't play in the U20 World Cup?"
"How come..." "ball"" is about to be positioned higher than the state? the constitution of the state and the existence of the state itself? unpack behind the disappointment the rejection of the israel u20 national team? watch it thoroughly so you don't misunderstand"
"Ganjar has the ambition to become president by following Mrs. Ketum's directions to reject Israel at U20 hoping to be nominated by PDIP. Even if that betrays a president."
This is a double standard for Europeans you want to see it from any angle I don't care for example FIFA who was a bastard kicked out Russia during the world cup instead he just kept quiet when Palestine was like this and didn't expel Israel in the U20 world cup what a jerk
"All witnesses yes... those who refuse Israel to play in Indonesia. Don't go round and round it's okay... colonialism... foreign policy is free and active... not the general decision..."
the chairman of the DPR Puan Mahal emphasized that Indonesia's failure to host the 2023 U20 World Cup was not due to differences of opinion from a number of parties that arose. PDI-P itself is a party that rejects the arrival of the Israeli national team. &lt;
This grand assessment is related to the attitude of the governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo who was vocal in rejecting the presence of the Israeli national team which led to the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. prabowo subianto
when everything was ready and the signatures were done a wave of Israeli refusals appeared..and PSSI could not give any reasons regarding security guarantees to FIFA... how does FIFA want to allow the U20 World Cup to be held in Indonesia..??
"Sir if you reject the U20 World Cup because of Israel tell me from the beginning please say Pak Jokowi you don't need to take part in the bidding. Don't you know that Israel is a member of FIFA and takes part in the FIFA competition? Anyone who participates in the competition if you win go ahead .. you are not fair"
"The case of canceling the U20 event due to hatred of Israel has had a massive effect and as it has become a habit the top officials wash their hands.. you are too arrogant too arrogant"
"Israel just feels sorry for Indonesia failing to become the home of the U20 World Cup h"
kanjuruhan: blaming gas can catch a cold u20: blaming Israel even though the administration is dilapidated and law enforcement is unclear in admitting that they are not ready what's the trouble
prabowo and anis never expressed their attitude at u20 about israel let alone against it... those are smart leader candidates.
Secretary General of the PDIP Hasto Kristiyanto stated that Ade Armando made an incorrect statement when he accused the attitude of PDI cadres in rejecting Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup as being occult by calling Bung Karno's wangsit.
"League 2 and 3 will continue. Month 6. The stadium riots have been going on for a long time. Do you think the era of eth... stupid... after FIFA's recommendation of light sanctions transformation and blue print lobbying et to fifa... the u20 world cup was canceled the Israeli team's rejection... demonstrations group 212"
"Actually there is no need to be questioned anymore it is clear that what the governor rejected was Israel not the U20 World Cup so whatever the event if Israel is afraid of another Bali bombing or another riot the letter is still in the Ministry of Youth and Sports clear and very clear no need to run away"
Turns out..... Israelis are more sane than Indonesians who mix sports with politics. Israel opens up voice about the rejection of the Republic of Indonesia's National Team to take part in the U20-2023 World Cup
I no longer need to take part in the U20 world cup because next year it will be held in Israel.
what's the matter.. try reading the foreign news and even make the headline that Indonesia canceled the u20 world cup because it rejected Israel.. the outside world already knows that Indonesia rejected Israel..
"Politics is wherever the aim is to win. Wherever the U20 World Cup is held the Israeli national team will still play. And if not in Indonesia the Indonesian national team will not play. Here politics and by body Indonesia looks stupid in the eyes of the world.."
cool sir world cup u20 without israel
"aremania: ""let's destroy football and destroy arema fc by creating social and political uproar. blame the police and pssi"" erick thohir: ""don't even try.. "" bu megawati: ""let's spread Bung Karno's narrative. refuse israel to join in the u20 event"" jokowi: ""dizzy me"""
Ganjar knows exactly the risk he faces because of his statement refusing Israel to play in the U20 World Cup. attacks on his social media accounts he read as best he could.
Like this many allow Israel to enter Indonesia? quibble for u20 football?
"rejecting israel is not just practical politics but a valid and well-founded argument"
Israel colonized Palestine in all fields including sports
if you reject the organization of the u20 world cup it is certainly wrong.. gp reject zionist israel.
"You know how come the UUD 45 was repealed inconsequentially maybe the interpretation is clarified! Indonesia's U20 World Cup is not directly connected with Israel Israel registering with FIFA/Olympic parties is not directly to Indonesia we only provide a place. There is no official diplomatic hub."
"When Indonesia rejected the U20 soccer team it was the team itself that was harmed whoever cursed Israel the curse would return to themselves this has been proven !!"
The influence of Israel's participation in the 2023 FIFA U20 on Indonesian politics towards 2024. Wave test
"That means it's not because of Israel the u20 world cup has been revoked from the old status of the house"
ttd for u20. not ttd approve of israel dtg
The u20 cancellation in Indonesia is very concerning. Politicians and the government should have been educating the public and those who oppose Israel about politics and sports from an early age. so there is no need to sacrifice the opportunities for our young people and for this country
"Kadrun Kadrun is happy that the terrorists entered Indonesia the U20 World Cup was rejected because Israel was there indeed you are savage Drun Kadrun"
"it's not because of Israel alone erick thohir doesn't dare to be honest about the failure to host the u20 world cup in indonesia denny siregar: erick thohir be honest don't be politicized!"
"Because at You 17 there is no Israel. After all U17 is for children not like U20 whose SSH squad is in a professional league. FIFA should not have heard of Indonesia which has acted unfairly against Israel's team. I hope FIFA refuses!"
"What was wrong was not the president when the u20 president allowed Israel to come but yes it was Ono who refused vehemently now he wants to accuse the president of waiting for a presidential decree he wants to erase the traces of the river that was yesterday the president has been made a victim of them."
Ganjar Pranowo answered accusations he was ordered by Megawati over Israel's rejection at the U20 World Cup
"Mr. Ganjar don't just be lucky Caraka who is given a job all the U20 squad should be one of those who reject Israel Mr. Ganjar has given his responsibility what about my governor Mr. Koster? And you officials who also refuse don't want to is it like Mr Rewards?"
"2. pov part i: 6:24 - So yes this is a party order? 6:35 - Megawati's order? 7:50 - Do you regret issuing a statement? 8:00 - Why did Israel refuse to compete in Indonesia? 11:25 - Why only u20 world cup why are other sports not touched by the party?"
"The central government & PSSI can force the U20 World Cup in Indonesia but with all the risks related to security (potential for riots & terrorism from anti-Israeli hardline groups). Plus PSSI's readiness must also be seen etc. Try asking Eric Thohir why it wasn't forced ?think big"
"The noise between PSIS vs PSS and Persib vs Exact if you want to think negatively I wonder if this was set up by someone so that the repeal of the U20 World Cup looks right from a security point of view not because of the rejection of the Israeli national team the point is "" diverting the issue from the objectors Israel"""
"The noise between PSIS vs PSS and Persib vs Exact if you want to think negatively I wonder if this was set up by someone so that the repeal of the U20 World Cup looks right from a security point of view not because of the rejection of the Israeli national team the point is "" diverting the issue from the objectors Israel"""
"The central government & PSSI can force the U20 World Cup in Indonesia but with all risks related to security (potential riots & terrorism from anti-Israeli hardline groups). This is only one reason. Also PSSI's readiness regarding the field etc. must be seen. move on"
"The central government & PSSI can force the U20 World Cup in Indonesia but with all risks related to security (potential riots & terrorism from anti-Israeli hardline groups). This is only one reason. Also PSSI's readiness regarding the field etc. must be seen. move on"
"Come here the U20 World Cup will be held in Indonesia and Israel will play in Indonesia…these people will get solid material to cause riots in this country…"
"He said they were paid for by the West
the one on the podcast bro is a u20 coach mak.. his name is azmi nassar he is from israeli. let's talk about cooking spices instead of talking about balls.
"Whatever governors are the president's subordinates. He said that the nation is dead? That nation the “k” is “unity” so it is not a federal state. The idea of ​​the U20 Israeli delegation should be discussed with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs not disclosed in public.
PDIP dragged the internal conflict between JKW and Mega into a conflict that had fatal consequences for the nation... only because they wanted to show their power the cadres played their role in undermining the government's credibility through the Israel issue in U20.
"Well if you want to discuss the Israeli flag... Yesterday Israeli cyclists took part in the championship in Jakarta the 3rd place was the Israeli flag raised too... Israel's refusal ahead of U20 because the constitution is full of bullshit... those who refuse are just looking for mass attention but gorging on the people."
6 reasons PDIP rejected Israel in the U20 world cup
let's pray: hopefully fifa's attitude will be fickle like the governor who rejected the arrival of the israel u-20 national team. FIFA's wishy washy attitude that we hope for is: FIFA changes its attitude to approve the implementation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
"Najwa Shihab: Israel's rejection is a political stance in the struggle not an attack?!"
"there is another israel... push it let it be treated equally with u20"
let's pray: hopefully fifa's attitude will be fickle like the governor who rejected the arrival of the israel u-20 national team. FIFA's wishy washy attitude that we hope for is: FIFA changes its attitude to approve the implementation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
najwa shihab: palestine footballers were hindered and hindered until they were terrorized by israel
"Najwa Shihab: if the green carpet is given to Israel then it seems as if it gives legitimacy to the oppression of Palestine"
"Ganjar has already made up his mind it's obviously too late. He could have decided 9 months ago when he found out that Israel had passed to U20. We also don't need to report PDIP still wants Puan to advance. Erik is also a good character who wants to see Nkri progress and our football is getting better. proceed."
"Seeing in Indonesia there are many dramas starting from the blackpink concert drama Indonesian dramas rejecting Israel U20 to the drama Fafa Az it makes me want to move countries even more"
PDIP turns out to be plinkplank it's obvious that in Israel's U20 rejection until Indonesia canceled as host it turns out that PDIP is greedy for money from the big U20 event haha it's embarrassing
"for stupid people like planetary creatures who give advice to ""pildun u20 stays in Indonesia but... Israel is playing in Singapore"" or ""ask fifa to cross out why israel"" hauuuhh... duh! you guys too chuaks!!!!! retarded brain but good at joking. for you guys"
"The news is that the government is still negotiating with FIFA so that there is no Israel. Jokowi said at the last second that Indonesia was ready to accept Israel. And even then after the drawing was cancelled the WC U20 song was deleted. Try it as soon as there was a rejection and then speak firmly it will work."
DPP cadres and chairmen struggle with different attitudes towards Israel's rejection of the 2023 U20 World Cup
what's the difference with the u20 world cup. Indonesia didn't invite Israel either.
the misuh2 u20s haven't gotten angry until now until next year let's see. that's how many Indonesians play especially if Israel is playing.. bacoddd lopada has no content
"It is clear from there that Israel came as a member of the deception... that is for the u20 world cup how about Israel as a FIFA member? Don't complicate something that is actually simple.."
"Ganjar & Koster played a part in it more or less but it's impossible for FIFA to cancel WC-U20 just because of the rejection of the two we can't even be sure that the Israeli team's rejection is the main cause the press release from FIFA doesn't mention that one bit instead it's the suggestion that was mentioned"
"I also agree with Israel's first rejection for constitutional reasons I also agree with FIFA canceling the Indonesia WC U20 host if it continues then the security of the Israeli national team in Indonesia and its coaches crew medics etc. will be in danger."
"Logically if it doesn't mean that the Central Java region cannot have U20 matches and no stadiums in Central Java are undergoing renovations. And why make a statement against Israel while many regional heads in Indonesia are silent."
"Jokowi may have felt uncomfortable after Indonesia was declared canceled as the host for the U20 World Cup following the PDIP's rejection of the arrival of the Israeli team PDIP did not consider it important to attend the meeting between Jokowi's coalition party leaders"
"No in fact the draw will be held in March before being rejected the U20 World Cup song was previously on the FIFA web as well before it was removed due to cancellation the tragedy of the award last year... because of Israel's turmoil it became crowded FIFA was afraid that the tournament would not be conducive"
solidarity...towards u20 children...because those who want to carve out a football career..but have to be busy in...Palestinian and Israeli issues...not even the political figures
"still blunders covering up party policies. subtly shifts responsibility to the government because the party has conveyed its rejection but how come there is no progress. do not want to be trapped in the fact that the majority/this nation does not care whether Israel is playing or not the important thing is to play in Indonesia. slippery..."
"Disgusting..... I'm disappointed and disgusted with the people who caused this u20 to fail but not everyone sees politicians who are boasting like late heroes like this yesterday just before it was canceled anywhere???? what the hell is the coalition party rejecting Israel so mingkem?"
I really want to know what Anies Amu would say when asked about Israel's U20 and the cancellation of the World Cup
"The PDIP maneuvered to reject the presence of the Israeli U20s through its cadres in the government when the event schedule was in sight. It was clear that it was embarrassing for the Jokowi government a bad stigma in the eyes of the international world; it took a long time to restore trust."
"The PDIP maneuvered to reject the presence of the Israeli U20s through its cadres in the government when the event schedule was in sight. It was clear that it was embarrassing for the Jokowi government a bad stigma in the eyes of the international world; it took a long time to restore trust."
"Actually yesterday's match PSJ v PSB could have rioted but the youngsters could quickly anticipate especially our beloved team regarding the problem ""Ytta"" was just thinking since several stakeholders rejected Israel until the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia suddenly the LGG act-"
"Ganjar Pranowo apologizes to the younger siblings of the U20 national team Ganjar continues to consistently reject the Israeli national team. Let's watch the video brought by Ganjarpranowo Najwashihab firli"
controversy over the participation of the israel team in the u20 world cup in indonesia
If Israeli football is banned by FIFA because of the cruelty of its soldiers. If the Israeli team is crossed out from the list of U20 participants it is only fitting that all Indonesian people unite to support PSSI. lobbied and reclaimed as u20 host. the question. can et move in that direction.
missed in several events where there was an Israeli delegation. then pushed the issue of the u20 world cup.
"Somehow I can still be grateful that the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia although it's still a bit difficult to accept Israel's reasons for refusal. Instead of something like this going viral abroad right?"
"I recommend blaming provocateurs instead of gam. But why aren't they arrested it should be easier than criminalizing individuals. U20 world cup politicians rhetoric rejects then pity. mass organizations. don't know Israel's trail to Indo before?. players. career stepping stone. no matter the goal..."
and the idiot still insists that u20 stay in Indonesia after the Israeli incident attacked the FIFA Palestinian football league match. It's clear that there are double standards and politics but there are still many who are ignorant!
it's okay I'm an infidel. thank you for your attention. I don't support Israel I don't support Palestine either. in the context of the u20 world cup i support my own country. don't understand.
"The PDIP has made a lot of blunders yesterday Ms. Bull was arrogant even had time to belittle Jokowi at first he offended the ladies of the recitation who just rejected the Israeli U20 team of course PDIP has fallen. if prl coalition bsr"
"Well I used to admire Mr. Ganjar but after the statement came out rejecting Israel at the U20 World Cup from there I understood that the honor of the party is what he is putting forward not a dream"" of our young people. Why didn't you reject it a year ago sir. Budget trillions it's a duke e people"
here I'm already like the secretary general of PSSI I'm sorry I'm just learning to be an official who explains about the u20 world cup tags Hokky Youth Minister Democratic Night Chelsea vs Liverpool Firli Erick Thorhir Jokowi Kaesang Depok Israel Palestine
messi reportedly rejected the israel u²⁰ national team ..
"Empty message has there been a recent incident of blaming each other?? Those who reject it (Israel are not allowed to participate) have views that should be respected too.. those who accept (do not exclude Israel) have their reasons too. Try analyzing the tempo investigation below: no one rejects wc u20 in general"
"I totally agree in the narrative content it was mentioned about Israel's rejection which was delivered in other ways besides refusing him to become a FIFA participant in many matches the supporters also brought large banners that voiced a campaign so Israel's way of refusing is not just refusing him to become a U20 participant "
"Wow wow wow Indonesia is really sexy as sexy as my idol's U20 woman has been cancelled there is still a World Beach Game event in Bali soon eh there is a FIFA WC U17 coy this is exciting testing those who rejected Israel yesterday don't you want to reject it again? ... "
Even though this PSSI is strange it's clear that there is a law if Indonesia rejects Israel instead they still want to allow Israel to play in the Indonesian U20 World Cup
Before the U20 World Cup incident I still hoped for the PDIP GP stretcher with endorsement from Jokowi. now it's all gone.. for me and the young Genz fans of football it doesn't make sense that someone intends to destroy the Israeli national team which destroyed the Indonesian national team. seriously sorry
sink the Israeli pushers at the u20 world cup.
"fifa cancels Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup the son of the Israeli general supports Indonesia"
"Try to ask the daughter of the CEO of the PDIP madam..why didn't you stop but instead greeted you and was rewarded for opening your voice ahead of the u20 world cup why did the Israeli delegation come quietly bae..social assistance with an alibi for upholding the constitution."
Are all Indonesians going to be tucked in in Bali? the fatal thing was at u20 and the israel issue was used by pdip against eth/jkw. buzzer pdip fire beard all. hilarious.
u17 doesn't have israel there shouldn't be an issue that becomes an issue u20 is canceled right because there is israel try to see the special interview with sir regarding u20
For anyone concerned if from the start it was planned that Israel would not take part in FIFA U20 why was it that the losses experienced by Indonesia were so great that maybe even the profits might not have been known or not!?
"great sir. even though you rejected Israel but you gave a way out for the u20 players who failed to compete to achieve the future next year the public has forgotten about the failure of the u20 world cup in Indonesia. with good campaigns and promises the people will definitely be elected den"
"Don't blame other people. It is clear that the cancellation of the World Cup after the Israeli national team was busy with rejection from several parties one of which was the governor of Central Java and the governor of Bali which ended up canceling the U20 World Cup draw. So don't blame any party."
"Don't blame other people. It is clear that the cancellation of the World Cup after the Israeli national team was busy with rejection from several parties one of which was the governor of Central Java and the governor of Bali which ended up canceling the U20 World Cup draw. So don't blame any party."
"yaa alloh... ya robb... grant our request so that kadrun will soon become extinct from nkri and ensure that fpi & gnpf will go to hell. yaaa alloh yaa robb... please that the israel u20 national team and palestine u20 national team can attend smoothly without hindrance and obstacle…"
"the president accuses regional heads of rejecting the israel u20 squad ""not committed"" the president even grunts desperately trying to make the 2023 u20 world cup a success but instead it makes me dizzy 7 around"
By rejecting the Israeli National Team yesterday we failed to hold the U20 Pilala it actually damaged the nation's pride in the eyes of other nations.
"Yesterday during the U20 World Cup Israel refused to use the president's directive or not why are you now waiting for the president's directive. Reject 1 event reject all"
"Israel did not qualify... Peru was not ready for the infrastructure cm later when it became a deal Indonesia was chosen to be the host of the U17..by itself he denied that yesterday the U20 failed not because of the refusal of the duo white monyong cadres but because the infrastructure in Indonesia was not ready.. good luck"
"Indonesia is nobody before FIFA & also world football its contribution is small almost nothing. &amp; also not 100% of the world criticizes Israel for several things especially Pindul U20 football Israel passes officially FIFA definitely prefers the fair play factor more logical rather than responding to interventions”
"Ganjar Pranowo was being chased by Najwa Shihab he wanted to avoid it he already couldn't the certainty that the Israeli national team has passed the U20 World Cup has been since 9 months ago but was only rejected yesterday. Is this pure imagery?"
"The same thing happened when Israeli athletes took part in the Anoc World Beach Game in Bali the Menpora said they did not want incidents of rejection like U20 !!!"
it turns out that someone rejected the israel u20 football team because of a wangsit
"Use Jokowi the father of the nation when people are still noisy looking for the nose who rejected Israel using Jokowi has entertained the U20 national team..."
"Can't the U20 World Cup be without Israeli Zionists only then can they be called heroes"
"Please look again at the problem at the beginning. Related to the constitution related to WC U20 and security issues. Does Israel qualify for WC U17? If there are no issues related to the constitution such as at WC U20 then FIFA has absolutely no problem with WC decisions the u17"
"It turns out that the Indonesian people don't really care about the conflict between Palestine and Israel only u20 how about the senior world cup"
I don't easily believe what politicians say (GP) I still believe that the purpose of the GP is to thwart the U20 with political goals.
"I lost to Mr. Ganjar Mr. Ganjar was brave enough to reject the presence of Israel in the u20 world cup. While Mingkem did not dare to express his attitude firmly he took the opportunity he was an opportunist. He said that he would be the president of the nation the pride of the people."
"He said he didn't regret the statement against the Israeli U20 national team which made noise and finally FIFA canceled Ina's hosting at U20. In fact I'm the one who regrets why does he have to be in Pak Jokowi's ranks who will only be a thorn in his flesh .."
"The hypocrite GP. pretended to carry the mandate of Pak Soekarno to reject Israel. But he was afraid to carry out the mandate of UUD 45 Article 29 when the majority colonized the freedom of worship of local minorities. What a disappointing double standard GP he did not apologize either when he failed at U20."
Indonesia failed as a host at U20 not because of Israel but by the stupid behavior and views of some of the nation's children
Previously the Palestine U20 team had no other choice so they had to use a coach from Israel. Only this Israeli trainer can go back and forth between Palestine and Israel freely without visa problems.
"Infrastructure and security readiness is still lacking. That is clear. FIFA will definitely learn from the tragedy of the suggestion to question security at the U20 World Cup moreover they may also know that Israel will be refused by Indonesia to play."
the wisdom of the Israeli team's rejection and cancellation of hosting the u20 world cup..
"It's clear that the rejection of the Israel U20 National Team has resulted in the cancellation of Indonesia as host for the U20 World Cup I don't know who started the point."
"rejected u20 israel while hoping that indonesia would still host u20 &amp; blamed fifa by saying ""what am I?"" haha ​​why are the 2024 presidential candidates all so stupid huh haha"
The U20 preparations have been going on for 3 years including repairs to the stadium. If the only reason is the Minister of Foreign Affairs the presidential instruction can be completed in a day for example the interpretation of the explanation of what is meant by the raising of the Israeli flag and national anthem is excluded if it is not for political purposes etc.
"It looks like your conscience is retarded for the sake of your country's football which participated in a giveaway as the host for the U20 World Cup Israel's oppression of Palestine since 1948 until today you close your eyes heart and conscience!!!"
It's your own fault that the U20 World Cup failed Israel as part of the international community whether we like it or not they already exist what needs to be studied is to correct your constitution
in the political dictionary of the lowest caste the meaning of sad means happy. Meanwhile his party is trying to raise the point of the Muslim community over Israel's rejection which incidentally has received leaked information from the contents of the Fifa letter refusing to hold the U20 World Championship in RI.
the question is why is it that only Israel is participating in the u20 world cup? israel joins other events why just silent?
Until now I had no idea how come GP could make a statement refusing the U20 Israel national team to Indonesia
how can the u20 world cup event take place without israel? you follow sopo and then ask pssi to find a breakthrough by talking to fifa? This person must be deflated not to become a presidential candidate though. irresponsible human nature
"My lord where is it? The people haven't seen it for a long time don't comment on Israel and U20"
"also rejected Israel at the u20 world cup waiting inviting welcoming corruption prisoners in their own country."
"Ganjar Pranowo apologizes to the younger siblings of the U20 National Team Rewards continues to consistently reject the Israeli National Team. Let's watch the video brought by Tiktok Shiba Inu Nurul Ms. Slamet"
There are 3 events that may be related to each other. 1. Jokowi and Megawati's meeting 2. Mega's mother's instructions to Ganjar and Koster to reject the Israeli national team which resulted in the cancellation of the U20 World Cup. 3. meeting of political party leaders except PDIP and Nasdem.
Football as a tool to achieve independence should be reminded when a problem occurs like now
real facts of Israeli violations against Palestine
the matter of unpreparedness is certainly chaos not as big as israel's refusal to take part in the pd-u20. If you can only wash your hands everyone can too. the fact is that the governor of Bali alone has let go (the deputy governor who is in charge) regarding World Beach which will be held in December in Bali.
"It's been about 2 months before the 2023 U-20 World Cup day a number of parties have refused to allow the Israeli national team to play in Indonesia. This rejection came from various parties both officials and political parties. Garuda Muda has risen"
support israel at fifa cup u20 .
Indonesia's cancellation as host for the U20 World Cup is inseparable from the refusal of the Israeli national team to appear at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. the young eagle rose
oooo so the stadium for u20 isn't ready yet....it's smart to divert the Israeli issue....
"One of the main reasons for the cancellation of Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup yes because of the rejection by a handful of politicians against the Israeli national team. The young Garuda is rising"
"The problem is logically since the beginning of the U20 we knew there was no Israeli team? If you really don't want the Israeli team to play in Indonesia Indonesia should be the one to withdraw you don't have to join U20 don't make conditions that "regulate" FIFA after know israel got away."
What is clear is that Indonesia has been revoked as the host for the U20 World Cup due to the rejection of the Israeli national team appearing in Indonesia. the young eagle rose
"Sadly in the midst of almost perfect preparations there was a refusal by a number of parties for the Israeli national team to play in Indonesia which resulted in the cancelation of the U20 World Cup very sad... but we have to keep going as Mr. said the young Garuda is rising"
"Sadly in the midst of almost perfect preparations there was a refusal by a number of parties for the Israeli national team to play in Indonesia which resulted in the cancelation of the U20 World Cup very sad but we have to keep moving forward as Mr. said the young Garuda is rising"
"About 2 months before the h day of the 2023 U20 World Cup a number of parties refused to accept the Israeli national team from playing in Indonesia. This refusal came from various parties both officials and political parties. Garuda Muda has risen"
Don't be exaggerated... Jokowi also rejected the Israeli national team. Uncle didn't reject the U20 world cup but it was Uu who had to refuse
Ganjar is not sorry for his statement against the Israel U20 National Team. How come you are increasingly convinced that he deserves to be the presidential candidate for Palestine. I love other nations more and I don't regret what I've done. . I believe more in what President Jokowi said.
Has there been any research/study on the budget that has been used to prepare for the U20 World Cup host? Is there no suspicion that Israel's refusal is only a diversion of the issue of misuse of the U20 World Cup preparation budget?
"Ganjar Pranowo apologizes to the Indonesian U20 national team player but doesn't regret rejecting Israel via"
"5) the refusal of the israel national team. about 2 months before the h day of the 2023 u20 world cup a number of parties refused to accept the israel national team from playing in Indonesia. the refusal came from various parties both officials and political parties."
From the presentation at the Najwa Shihab event we can understand the tough decision that Ganjar Pranowo had to make regarding the arrival of the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup event.
"All those responsible are guilty full stop! Only FIFA football lovers the Israeli U20 national team and the Indonesian U20 national team are right. Don't blame each other!"
"If the U20 World Cup is held and the Israeli national team is present the opposition will play on the issue of hatred against Israel."
Ganjar has no regrets about his statement of rejecting the U20 Israel National Team to play in Indonesia Jokowi supporters &amp; football lovers don't care if this is an order from a superior/personal opinion...which must have damaged why both Indonesia in the world of football &amp; all other parties who are harmed especially the state
"Logic put it on your knees sir?? Rejecting Israel's participation means refusing U20... unless Pak Ganjar himself is the founder of FIFA so go ahead"
how can the u20 world cup event take place without israel? you follow sopo and then ask pssi to find a breakthrough by talking to fifa? This person must be deflated not to become a presidential candidate though. irresponsible human nature
"it's not because of Israel alone erick thohir doesn't dare to be honest about the failure to host the u20 world cup in indonesia denny siregar: erick thohir be honest don't be political!"
In order to avoid severe sanctions for the Israeli national team's refusal at the U20 World Cup Erick Thorhir returned to meet the FIFA president
sorry to be accepted but Mr. Ganjar anti-Israel I have noted! How is it possible that WC U20 can be held without Israel qualifying?! The reasons for the foreign ministerial regulation should also be discussed with the president right?! reward for underestimating football also looks transparent
it turned out that ms ordered his kedernya to reject the israel u20 team. we'll see what will happen in the future
Why are you waiting for the president's direction? The president alone yesterday guaranteed the safety of the U20 World Cup. So the position of the president is clear to me...your governor is the one who is causing chaos he doesn't know that there is another event with Israeli participants. it's better for you to wait for mother's instructions.
Mr. Ganjar answered all questions regarding his statement regarding his rejection of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup
"Ganjar Pranowo apologizes to the Indonesian U20 national team player but doesn't regret rejecting Israel via"
"Ignorant idiot who blames the PSSI government for canceling the U20 in Indonesia see the party official's letter has been entered by the evil spirit Kadrun who sent a letter to the Coordinating Minister for People's Welfare refusing the Israeli team to play because FIFA is as consistent as it has been agreed with its members who canceled it."
where are you? Wasn't it loud yesterday that he rejected Team Israel U20 for the sake of the constitution? Why is it that the deputy governor is now appearing to address Israel? so the leader must be consistent. and dare to take risks for his decisions. don't imitate anies!
"that's right israel should also be removed from"
to doha by order of the president for clarification regarding the rejection of the israel u20 national team..... if this argument is true. you have accused the president of lying....... be careful....
"GP is indeed not the decision maker for the U20 world cup he is just a social assistance person trying to take advantage of the u20 world cup. Instead of getting kadrun sympathy & popularity from rejecting Israel he received a lot of insults until he had to go on a clarification safari in the end…"
"Good news. Indonesia is reported to be holding a world cup event in 2023. Yep but for U17 after the host Peru resigned. Because Indonesia is ready for infrastructure (former U20). And the Israeli national team did not qualify. Is the U17 Indonesian national team ready? "
" and never rejected u20 in Indonesia but rejected the Israeli team if they played with all their national attributes."
"analysis of /1 1/ the trend of discussion regarding the rejection of the arrival of the Israeli national team and the cancellation of hosting the u20 world cup has received high attention in recent days especially after fifa's decision to revoke Indonesia's position as host of the u20 world cup. 2/…"
if we calculate realistically then if it is true that the u20 world cup was held yesterday and there is the israel national team and their supporters who are there what are the conditions in this country? not to mention if they win and celebrate what will happen?
conclusion 1/ news trends related to the issue of rejecting the arrival of the israel national team and the cancellation of the u20 world cup host reached its highest point on 2 april 2023 and was discussed on 29 march. issues are predicted to tend to fluctuate afterwards. 2/ pro-con narration…
lahhhh....???? Rejecting Israel is actually a popular decision because it is one voice with the ranks who always demonstrate why Islam is. what is not popular is the body to convince and allow the israel team to come and guarantee while playing at u20.
"March 21 the president's order is clear remember that FIFA cannot be dictated by anyone let alone Indonesian FIFA you can say that it does not know its own constitution so what has passed never mind the point is Israel is great without doing anything it can create excitement and failure for Indonesia in Piidu U20"
top hashtags - Erick Thorhir's support campaign looks quite strong on social media. - the cause of the rejection of the israel national team was the main reason that surfaced in netizens as the cause of Indonesia being revoked as host of the u20 world cup.
emotion analysis surprise: amplification of Gibran's surprise at the presence of two regional heads who refused Israel's arrival sadness: sad that Indonesia was not hosting the U20 world cup anger: angry at the group against Israel's arrival which was judged to be the cause of the failure...
"if you're not ready to hold a wc u20 why are you looking for a scapegoat for a failure. the chairman is imaging the spokesperson is the fixer. haduuuhhh.... peru i salma moeldoko"
starting to slander all over the place ....pdipeh doesn't want to be blamed for the time of rubbing and rubbing...never mind politics...what is clear israel is still playing at u20 ind just being a commentator...and only 11 israel team members can shake up politics in 62nd .that's great israel....
"I'm happy that U20 has been canceled because Israel's Jews won't be at the match in Indonesia and PSSI and the government now can't hold world-class matches even though they can't actually host them now"
"Example of a cluster tweet - public (pro Israeli arrival): the U-20 Indonesian national football team players don't need to get lost in disappointment and sadness. There's still a long way to go... "There is or isn't an Israeli team at U-20 the Indonesian Hamas group …”
research question method: 1. how is the development of the issue of rejection and acceptance of the arrival of the israel u20 national team to indonesia and the cancellation of indonesia as host of the u20 world cup. 2. who are the most influential actors. 3. What topic do you most…
"Bro he apologized to the U20 national team but he didn't apologize to Mr.
"everything started with the escape of the israel national team in the u20 world cup so thinking from there there's nothing wrong with whining about it the more we look for justification or want to find other reasons it won't work. now who are the characters" give input"" this should be this that should be it"
dwai to yth. bro who feels the most meritorious....for taking part in the strong refusal regarding Israel's presence in the U20 world cup for Indonesia.
"It's clear that the letters in the TT 5 governors as representatives of the government. Funds have been disbursed mascots and souvenirs have been formed. eeeeeeeh...... 2 statements arise from 2 governors of Bali and Central Java rejecting Israel to Indonesia. If Israel doesn't pass to u20 what 2 the governor still refuses?”
"Gibran apologized directly to Gangar about the U20 World Cup said there would be a replacement event: Gibran Rakabuming Raka apologized to the Governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo because of differences in opinion regarding the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup."
"This is the one who has the gawei minister of youth affairs if the minister of youth permits Israeli athletes to play as governor just obey. What's more because of the u20 cancellation we are blasphemed.
"U20 World Cup Governor of Bali vehemently refuses Israel to come to Indonesia now silent on World Beach Games 2023"
what is certain is that it is impossible to simply reject Israel so FIFA canceled U20 in Indonesia
"Pres Jokowi has started with the U20 World Cup but most of them stated ""a violation of the UUD45 Constitution"". or etc. wani pyro"
the goods are no longer there don't justify blindly...history records who the people who rejected Infonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup. especially those who rejected the Israeli u20 national team..note that
"What about PKS MUI FPI or 212 who vehemently refused they even threatened to occupy the airport if the U20 Israeli team played in Indonesia they are all Anies' main supporters"
"so I ask Pekaes Mui or those like him who rejected Israel in the u20 yesterday where did they all go .. they disappeared as usual. They disappeared because they didn't want to be the target of netizens' fire so they all went to ganjar. anies where &amp; to where? in the sea."
"When I support Israel competing in the Pildun-U20 Bali you will say that I belong to the Jews?"
"When it came to the U20 World Cup Koster issued a ban without waiting for President Jokowi's direction. The World Beach Games should have been rejected because there was a team from Israel"
So the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was due to Anies who wasted his time demonstrating against the arrival of the Israeli National Team Doge Banjarnegara Peruvian Widow Physical Education Teacher Dukun Her Header Moeldoko Amanda Iqbal Salma Sehun Novia Jimin ended kpop
"Just like the chairman. If Israel U20 came to compete Jokowi tarnished Soekarno's struggle. The turn didn't really come. We are ashamed as a nation because the U20 World Cup was cancelled. The important thing is that you can blame Jokowi if it's from a democracy the way it works."
"Now it's like this the country of Palestine that you defended said it didn't matter to Israel at the U20 World Cup... what are you doing to pretend to be a hero? What are you stupid? For example if you have 2 friends fighting 1 is already tired of wanting peace you are the referee even asking for a fight then.. bloon"
"The commotion over Israel's issue with Indonesia's failure to host the U20 World Cup as well as the commotion between Mahfud MD and Srimulyani in the DPR is very detrimental to the Indonesian government. But it benefits Anies the opposition and the anti-NKRI group. We lose a lot"
"O PDIP the governors and mass organizations who yesterday opposed Israel's presence at Pindun U20... let's refuse and have a demonstration too so that it is fair."
"Indonesia's position is two state solutions. Recognizing Palestine and Israel. The failure of the U20 World Cup was purely the fault of the governor of Bali and that's why everyone is washing their hands now. If you don't feel guilty then be consistent in rejecting Israel"
"Are the supporters the public politicians (he likes to take advantage of the situation) ready to accept all participating countries participating in WC U20 including (for example) Israel? If not just refuse again. Instead of embarrassing later."
Did Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup yesterday follow the direction of the president? the ones that exist because of your actions have made the president dizzy having to send erik tohir to lobby fifa.
Yes yes Anis and Prabowo didn't make a statement about the existence of Israel at U20 Indonesia... After all they are both not PDIP party officials... so they don't get instructions from the PDIP party chairman please...
"Indonesia has tried to host the U20 World Cup then there were those who refused Israel at the U20 World Cup FIFA canceled Indonesia as the host. Many people were angry & criticized. Stop let's move on... c'mon we have failed so host. want to keep blaming each other? what's the benefit?"
if the pdip rejects u20 on the basis of the interpretation of the constitution (attitude towards israel) then the pdip can summon the president to explain that if the president actually violates the constitution take the president to his sister-in-law uh...mk what do you mean
Luckily U20 didn't end up in Indonesia if it did Israeli players would definitely bring their soldiers to Indonesia
"which one rejected the U20 Israeli national team oh yeah different countries..."
"Israel's rejection regarding the interests of 2024 the president and ministers cannot sort out formulating the problem it is very detrimental to the people how much is the salary of the president and ministers how much is the preparation fee for the implementation how much is the preparation cost for the u20 national team it's just wasted money"
"There is a possibility that the U20s will return to Indonesia however the preparations have been made. After all yesterday President Jokowi has issued a security confirmation letter. The Israeli national team may come to Indonesia let's hope...."
"After seeing & listening to the discussion of political experts about the U20 my conclusion is that I still support the PDI-P. The main thing is because I will not be able to dispel the mass anti-Israel demonstrations that have unlimited logistics."
"wooee... you political elites & cadres of Israel reject in Indonesia Israel still competes in the u20 world tournament. use your logic. only lust for office is in your brain. do we need to sink pdi and republican candidates Indonesia 1. For this question I don't agree with you sir."
What are your achievements during your time as a leader? 1. prohibiting the Israeli u20 from competing 2. sealing the house of worship 3. returning to number 1 oh my indonesia
"wooee... you rejected the elites of the Israeli political parties & kadrun in Indonesia yet Israel is still competing in the u20 world tournament. use your logic.
so the cancellation of the u20 world cup in Indonesia was due to the act of anies who took the time to demonstrate against the arrival of the israel national team jimin ended kpop amanda physical education teacher salma banjarnegara sehun novia doge moeldoko iqbal jimin jimin jiminie shiba inu
Ganjar was part of the government which lobbied Foreign Minister Suryo Pratomo to lobby FIFA so that Israel would only play in Singapore and the U20s would remain in Indonesia without Israel. he doesn't understand fifa.
"Israel was rejected in Indonesia after all Israel is still competing in the U20 world tournament. Wow political party elites use the logic of your brain.
"Israel was rejected in Indonesia but Israel is still competing in the U20 world tournament. Wow political party elites use the logic of your brain.
"Let's approach this issue wisely stay away from negative thoughts and as a reference we can read the tempo that has conducted an initial investigation of Israel's U20 rejection to its full review."
"yesterday u20 koster has taken over the issue of israel he has to give the same statement don't hide. come on koster don't have double standards...."
How come the attitude was different when the Israeli national team refused the U20 World Cup? now I can't wait for the president's direction. I'm sick of having a boss like this
"Uncle Bossman you know what will happen if U20 is held in Indo with Indonesia agreeing to Israel being one of the teams? You can fry it right uncle?"
are you kidding? when the u20 provincial government rejected Israeli athletes for colonizing Palestine without waiting for directions why is it different now? Is football a sexier issue to be politicized?
This is Israel's fault why did it qualify for the U20 World Cup
"the israel national team enters the u20 world cup through qualification indonesia doesn't qualify it's still noisy"
"If the reason for the u20 toll yesterday was Israel then now is the time to apply for this u17. Instantly pay back 3 trillion rupiahs already spent off."
Did Israel cancel the U20 World Cup by being rejected? instead Indonesia was removed from hosting the U20 World Cup
missed! aria bima dismantles government-fifa negotiations regarding Israel's rejection of the u20 world cup: actually the one who canceled...
"Defending the interests of other countries but ignoring the interests of their own country. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and now Israel can still play and laugh. Can't the u20 world cup be used as a medium of diplomacy through sports?"
"Political reasons (rejection of Israel) were deliberately not raised. Because FIFA itself is two-faced. FIFA can cross out Russia because it is at war with Ukraine. Why can't Israel write off Israel which has colonized Palestine for decades? If only Israel were fair the U20 World Cup would still be continue here."
"an official letter that is cracked of reason. letter dated March 14 2023 ""according to the information we received......"" hello where have you been? news of Israel's certainty of passing and joining wc u20 this 26 june 2022 (9 months ago) if a pregnant person has just given birth they will receive the information."
"Mr. Erick really failed to suppress the group's rejection of Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup so FIFA canceled it. But why does he smell good because he is one of the best sons of the Indonesian nation who fought with President Jokowi to advance Indonesian national football."
"What's even more painful is that Indonesia was canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup by FIFA because of defending Palestine by rejecting Israel."
Anies definitely refuses the U20 Israel football team to enter Indonesia!
"Indonesia did not qualify for the U20 World Cup not because of Israel's protests but because of infrastructure and security issues. More than 3t of money but unable to fix 5 stadiums where did the money go"
"This is the reason FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup here. I can't imagine when the Israeli team was playing a group of people waved the Palestinian flag which could have sparked a commotion with the authorities."
already labeled as a bajer et even though he only questioned the pdip policy. 1. Israel's arrival violated the constitution. 2. Mrs. Mahal warmly welcomed the arrival of the Knesset delegation at Ipu. 3. There was an Israeli flag on Bali at the time of the scam. what standards do they use? are you afraid of u20 kids huh?
"The drama of Israel's rejection of U20 is really deep-fried causing many problems even though the rejection has occurred since the beginning of August 2022 according to the explanation of the tempo."
"halahh.. politicians can still learn for sure.. if the world beach games continue with Israeli athletes in it the politicians especially from the bull party will argue that ""learning from the case of the canceled u20 world cup we separate sport and politics .."
"2. Next there will be a Beach World Cup in Bali which Israel will also participate in. We will see whether defending Palestine which is the main issue of the WC U20 failure will continue to be consistent or just a diversion of issues to other things."
"I have read the tempo that Israel's rejection by the Indonesian government is in accordance with the constitution while FIFA rejects U20 because there are certain conditions."
sooo smart! only presidential candidates dare to act &amp; refusing the israel national team to appear in the u20 world cup 'even though the risk is cancelled..! attitude of another presidential candidate ..? den nice
"tag : palestine israel world cup u20 cancel indonesia ganjar pranowo i wayan koster bali kanjuruhan gara gara disillusionment national team"
"If Israel can enter regardless of whether there is resistance or not it is certain that the Palestinian issue will only be used as a distraction from the main issue of organizing WC U20."
Did the Israel National Team enter the WC U20 final at the invitation of PSSI?
Najwa: Those who reject Israel have valid arguments and not just practical politics
According to Najwa Shihab football is always closely related to politics
Does the constitution depend on political conditions? at the invitation of ipu israel is there? nor is the Israeli national team there u20
"Try to be honest from the start don't get tired of looking for reasons sir open the letter. Looking for reasons is tiring moreover reasons that make sense now are all starting to open up sir there are many reasons for the decision to host the U20 World Cup not because someone rejected the team. israeli football
Moeldoko is just a pawn who only follows his master's orders in an effort to stop Anies. I've read their machinations. Anies' electability has been getting stronger since their blunder about Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup..
"uwis.... basically... in the 2024 presidential election there is no reward no pdip point‼ just know how they feel ‼ that's how it is when you're ready make a fake and turn the facts around feel the fanatical supporters of ganjar pranowo paniiiikkk ‼ heehh brani -Braninya attacked Pak Jokowi by rejecting Israel's U20"
Israel often fights Palestine.
Najwa Shihab: Israel often hinders Palestinian athletes
"So what really happened? The threats to security by radical cadres and the rejection of the Israeli team by 2 regional heads have become the current circumstances that have caused Indonesia to be revoked of its right to hold the U20 World Cup which is in sight!"
"This clown investigation has led to 2 wrong conclusions! 1. Israel's rejection is the attitude of the government - in fact until the last second the president was still trying to spy on U20. 2. PSSI failed! - failed your knees oh my god! What is right is being tackled!"
"Apart from all of these reasons... I want to ask why when in Bali G20 and other events that the Israeli team participated in how come there were no protests? Why did the U20 World Cup protest with a million pretexts? That's all anyway"
"More and more daring because they are sure that no one will dare to fight. Indonesia dares to refuse Israel FIFA easily revokes the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Apart from various reasons and controversy FIFA submits only to one magic command. From who?"
"Many have false alibis for U20 in Indonesia with due investigation. But the point is that an organization the size of FIFA must have Interpol & are aware of the rejection of the Israeli national team etc. As long as they are committed to contracts everything can be anticipated. But if the regional head is not committed to a contract that's natural FIFA feels belittled."
Do you have a vision to reject Israel in u20..??
"Indonesia still has a chance to host the U20 World Cup waiting for FIFA's firm stance this is the logic"
maybe fifa grants israel's request to prevent nkri from hosting the u20 world cup
indonesia u20israel= peru u17infrastructure
ntr there is a petition against Israel again like u20
Arya Sinulingga lied to be the scapegoat because of the Koster letter to FIFA which caused FIFA to cancel the U20 World Cup. Even though the Koster sent the letter to the Menpora he questioned the immigration status of the Israeli National Team which was not handled by the Pildunu Committee's stering20
"fifa u20 passes fiba 2023 israel rejects? minister of youth: i will try to talk about it"
"Woi Ganjar have you heard Pak Jokowi talk how hard is it to fight to become the host for U20 you can just say no to Israel your leader is actually an idiot PDIP or president you are stupid"
"If yesterday I took part in opening a statement about Israel's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup it means that my statement as an ordinary person is very effective so that FIFA canceled it"
"Indonesia deserves to be the host of the U17 World Cup because all the U20 preparations are complete all that's left is to switch to the U17 team.. but if there is an Israeli team our lives are finished... somplak maning.."
Here listen to what Israel thinks about the failure of the U20. . Don't make assumptions yourself they know better than those of us who like to play reasoning.
"Idiot don't keep it bro.. it has been known for a long time that Israel is participating in the U20 World Cup. Why didn't you react long beforehand why do you have to wait for injury time? It's the same as being stupid."
this is less sour it gives the impression that yesterday's U20 Israeli rejection of the president's directives was lacking
"You rejecting the Israeli U20 national team is good for the sake of the enforcement of UUD'45 but there is another Israeli team it should be rejected please..."
What's clear is that the president is confused as to why the PDIPEH rejected the Israel U20 National Team...what do you mean.....I want to take a presidential election...yes please let the public judge...the people who vote...
"Originally it was a rejection of Israel and I think FIFA must have been a bit offended when they wanted to draw the U-20 WC suddenly there were a lot of rejections especially from the regional heads namely Wayan Koster and Ganjar. Even though they had already signed a field guarantee for WC-U20. embarrass me"
"We know why Erick the U20 Word Cup was canceled because: the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has not revoked the Ministerial Decree on Israel because the gbk manager prefers concerts to FIFA's requests because 2 governors do not submit to the president because road infrastructure is in place and orders do not punish rioters "
and the Iraq u20 national team also refuses to play with the Israeli national team if you meet
"Why wait for instructions just leave Bli reject all not just U20 all ages reject don't be picky must be consistent reject one Israeli reject all Israelis don't just be sharp at U20 but blunt at the other you"
"This is called throwing the body at the center. During the U20 world cup why didn't you ask the center for directions first? The Governor of Bali must firmly refuse like when he refused Pildun. ==&gt; There is the Israel National Team the Bali provincial government is waiting for the center to hold anoc world beach games via"
"Solidarity is good| necessary in what way| how. being solid about the U20 event will spark conflict| ignite the flames. So far Israel is fine. It's disturbed because of intolerance. Against Israel it has to be with advances in science and technology clever clever. "
"I've already said instead of being demoed in volumes during the u20 cup soccer party with anti-Israel it's better to be preceded by PDP the risk is smaller I don't understand..."
"Even though the PDIP was bullied to death for rejecting Israel it doesn't mean Anis is an option. No!"
"Uncover PSSI's lies 1. PSSI said that the cancellation of the U20 World Cup was due to a letter from the Governor of Bali even though the team revealed the fact that Israel's refusal was the official position of the government &amp; sent PSSI to lobby FIFA so that the Israeli match was held without spectators and"
sir just want to ask. if Israel at Paial Dunia U20 comes to violate the constitution. do you have an israel flag too?
"... defending rewards is okay but don't be so stupid that you have to make up lies... has Pak Jokowi ever issued a statement ""the Indonesian government rejects the arrival of the U20 Israeli team at the U20 world championship?"" if there is please show and source."
1. According to the Israeli U20 World Cup squad it violates the constitution. 2. ladies and gentlemen warmly welcome the knesset. (does not violate the constitution) 3. there is an Israeli flag in Ipu in Bali. (not violating the constitution) why are there different brothers?
"The ones who lose are our own athletes. For example the U20 we rejected the ones who lost our athletes right? Israel and Palestine still play football our athletes are the ones who bite their fingers. The stupid Israelis we rejected the Palestinians we defended or ourselves? "
"Ready or not ready Israel passed or didn't pass. This is a FIFA celebration all FIFA arrange. Host can get a free pass no need to qualify anymore. As host we have prepared all the venues and facilities for the U20 World Cup participants. We the host are participating fifa directives we don't control fifa."
"I'll give you a little algebra lesson. If the cancellation of the U20 World Cup was due to a request from the government & PSSI in advance of the Israeli flag & national anthem why was the FIFA delegation still oversighted over the stadium last week?"
"Here try to argue warmly welcome the Israeli knesset (over 20 years old for sure)..does it violate the constitution? If football violates the constitution isn't it? Don't you worry about kids smelling like u20 kencur you know.."
Israel's arrival was tricked at the invitation of the scammers. Then the Israeli team arrived at the U20 World Cup following the qualifications that were not regulated by FIFA in the sense that anyone who passes the FIFA qualifications is indirectly invited by FIFA not the government right? or anyone have other ideas?
"Don't blame Jokowi during the U20 World Cup Jokowi allowed Israel to play the dog if it was World Beach Jokowi would also allow it. The one who refused was rewarded by the Governor of Bali why did you ask Jokowi yes he would have been allowed tot"
"No need to be carried here and there what is clear is that FIFA canceled Indonesia as the host and at the same time canceled Indonesia as a participant in the U20 World Cup because of the ripples of rejection of the Israeli team's arrival as participants from a small number of elements of society and government."
never mind pack of rice has become porridge. nothing needs to be fixed anymore. your decision to refuse the visit of the israel u20 team even though you have agreed to make the u20 pildum successful. it's your choice. now many of your supporters leave because of disappointment. it's their choice.
It was the one who yesterday rejected the Israeli U20 national team who gave directions who was the koster?
waiting for the sound and regarding the world beach games which will be held in Bali where one of the participants is Israel. This is also to protect the constitution it must be rejected just like the u20 world cup yesterday which you also rejected
Consistency is necessary because it is self-respect. Therefore if you refuse to host the U20 World Cup then World Beach Gamea must also be rejected because Israel is one of the participants. attitude is important
The culprits all this time are themselves. they seemed to lead public opinion that the Israeli-Palestinian issue was the one that made the u20 world cup fail even though there were other factors behind it all. replace the blue official. please act immediately to investigate this case as clearly as possible
"It seems that Mak Bull is playing his role again by ordering his cadres to refuse Israel to appear in the U20 World Cup. But of course President Jokowi has experience the one who benefits is Prabowo."
"When Israel entered the U20 qualifications the PDIP maneuvered to use constitutional reasons to isolate/reject Israel. Even though the Jokowi press was struggling to find a compromise way so that the U20 World Cup continued. Suddenly it was vetoed by Koster &amp; Ganjar which was considered FIFA intervention. PDIP & 2 the governor is so bad."
"This time how come the governor didn't decide on his own like in the u20 pidun case? Come on governor use soup ban it right away. It's both Israel. Let's move it to another country. Tourists who have been to Israel are also prohibited from entering Bali. Sir exemplary party officer governor"
Who says that Indonesia is capable of hosting the U20s?? it failed because the statement of a subordinate who submitted to the party as a result of not knowing the true history of Israel.. that's why you differentiate between politics and sports..
"""....the participation of Israeli athletes in the international event became a problem after the governor of Bali I Wayan Koster refused to attend the Israeli national team (timnas) to compete in Bali at the 2023 U20 World Cup." to jokowi labile"
take note sir... pak jokowi &amp; palestine ambassador doesn't matter israel is present at u20. what else do you want?
It's also strange that the governor of Bali and when WC U20 was really brave he wrote to PSSI to reject Israel and now WBG2023 is it time to wait for the president's direction? do you want to release the clutch? uh it's wrong to let go of the hand and hide the rock yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
My sympathies and flattery so sorry at the annoyance of the canceled case on u20 because of your statements! foreign policy towards israel and sports are 2 cases that have nothing to do with it! Israeli athlete Yakovlev took part in the 2023 UCI Track Nations Cup in February why wasn't he banned?
"Yes there is also no need for FIFA to follow the will and regulations issued unilaterally by Ina. From the start Ina should not speculate on being the host for U20 or any sporting event where Israel is a member of the Intl' sports organization."
"The Indonesian state refused the arrival of U20 Israel. Just because they did not liberate Palestine. OK now Indonesia must give Papuan independence. Don't just open Palestine's eyes just because the majority is Muslim. Indonesia is very funny"
"Those who rejected the Israeli team in the U20 gubernatorial election yesterday didn't dare to speak in public. It's Bali's turn to host the Israeli World Beach Games so the deputy governor participants are running for directions. What do you do continue or decline?"
If this is accepted it means that U20 was canceled not because of Israel. just can't afford it.
bro.......... yesterday they shouted against Israel at FIFA U20 they didn't even use any instructions!!
"Coach Justin thinks the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia has only one reason. Due to the current situation namely the polemic over the Israeli issue it was not because of a tragedy as stated by FIFA in its official letter."
opportunity to make this petition for afc members to get israel out of the u20 world cup
"jokowi as the president of the republic of indonesia has the right to make decisions regarding the u-20 world cup including the rejection of the israel team not pdip ganjar pranowo and i wayan koster the world has been turned upside down"
No wonder the Governor of Bali I Wayan Koster said that the government already knew about Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup.
"Yeah let's boycott Austria and Serbia because they lost Israel was runner up and passed WC U20."
"All this time the troublemakers were themselves. They seemed to be driving public opinion if it was the Israeli-Palestinian issue that made the U20 World Cup fail. Replace all the blue officials it's useless for all of them. Let's immediately follow up on something like this again. "
fortunately there was a time when everything became clearer why the U20 World Cup was being held in Indonesia and Pak Ganjar was only the scapegoat even though Israel's rejection was based on the constitution.
The affairs of the U20 World Cup team are not connected with the Israeli military block
if the two governors don't arrogantly reject Israel... surely everyone will continue... the government and PSSI have worked hard for the U20 World Cup to be realized in Indonesia... if the government and PSSI don't want it why bother proposing to be the host... think
"Pdeipeh Koster and Gnjar already knew that Ina would be canceled as the host for the U20 World Cup due to failure of preparations and no funds then they shouted against Israel to attract the sympathy of Muslims while covering up the real reason it was cancelled."
"That means et cb lobby of FIFA. No need to cross out Ina from U20 because of rejecting the Israeli national team to compete in China. Look for a neutral country location. Just like that why bother and be smart a little. Or is the PSSI lobby weak after the tragic tragedy right? Talking is arranged  not the origin of the sound."
"Fortunately there was a time in the end everything was clear why the U20 World Cup was held in Indonesia and Pak Ganjar was only used as a scapegoat even though Israel's rejection was based on the constitution"
hahahaha means when Koster rejected the Israeli U20 team in Bali also under Jokowi's instructions? reward too
"And other sports how come athletes from Israel can participate? Only this U20 World Cup right?"
which is Israel because of the u20 world cup
"Not about Israel Rocky Gerung said that Indonesia was canceled to host the U20 World Cup because of the competition between 2 king makers: FIFA was confused.."
"After the u20 world cup you failed may Qatar be the successor and ready to accept all participating countries including Israel."
Failing the World Cup was Indonesia's own fault. Already knowing Israel was at U20 why wasn't it discussed before the 22 International Union Parliamentary Meeting in Bali led by Miss PDIP Poitikus Israel did not come face-to-face
correction u20 israel passed the u20 world cup because it won 2nd place in the u19 european cup...
"You don't read much..... Israel already passed at the start because the U20 team won the European You 20 Cup 1st to 3rd place winners have the right to qualify for the U20 World Cup"
"In the future there will be voices of rejection such as the Israel U20 team from the Governor of Bali I Wayan Koster a cadre for the Governor of West Java the Secretary General and other PDIP politicians"
"When there was widespread disappointment at the non-organization of the U20 in Indo some suddenly spoke loudly to show their disappointment. Even though his real interest was horse riding not football. The more important thing he had to say was whether he objected to the U20 team from Israel playing in…"
"Not rejecting Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup which is rejected by the presence of the Israeli team in Indonesia that's exactly it."
"If it's just PKS' rejection it won't hinder Israel's u20 after all so far all those who want PDIP in Senayan will definitely pass PKS rejecting it is also useless because they lost the vote.."
This grand assessment is related to the attitude of the governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo who was vocal in rejecting the presence of the Israeli national team which led to the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. prabowo subianto
"Bung Karno's vision is old-fashioned or needs to be reinterpreted if it is seen as still worthy of responding to the challenges of an increasingly advanced and global era.. WC U20 was canceled in Indonesia one of which was because the PDIP elite misinterpreted the opening of UUD45 in fact >50% of the people agreed that Israel was coming"
"later Israel will be banned but Indonesia has already been crossed out so Israel doesn't play in the U20 World Cup Indonesia too"
facts prove that many government party leaders do not support the u20 world cup because of israel ... there is no power for the governor to refuse ...
facts prove that some government parties do not support the u20 world cup because of israel's participation...
"As an internal PDIP is it true that you ordered PDIP cadres to reject the Israeli National Team at the Indonesian U20 World Cup?"
Apart from that Aria Bima also explained that based on analysis and input from intelligence there would be various actions and demonstrations if the Israeli team took part in the U20 World Cup later.
Israel's fault why they passed the U20 world cup
"Learning to think healthy with common sense is still difficult our failure to host the U20 World Cup is clearly stupid just hatred for Israel and then refusing the presence of young children from the Israeli national team it's also funny when a 20 year old child is scared ha ha ha"
"The group that rejects the Israeli national team playing in Indonesia has won but the future of Indonesian football is destroyed the hosting of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was canceled by FIFA while the Israeli national team is increasingly calm playing outside Indonesia there is no longer a threat"
"Israel should get sanctioned and can't play u20 then ina plays he..he.. dream"
FIFA even though it is a double standard still gives a match permit for the Israel U20 National Team but they are more dignified and respect Indonesian culture. PSSI has special authority and cannot be intervened by anyone but PSSI is in a country and has a head of state.
""" not because of international politics Israeli and Palestinian politics but the fifa problem and the cancellation of u20 was caused by the competition of two politicians namely Megawati and Jokowi it's that easy if we want to conclude"" said rocky"
"Brother Ganjar it turns out you are not a statesman. You can't separate politics from Olga. You can't tell the difference between who ordered Palestine to be occupied and who the Israeli U20 athletes were. You don't deserve to be President and Vice President uncle."
"Maybe this is one of the reasons why it was canceled at U20 it's just like that with compatriots what if the Israeli team comes..."
"It turns out that it's not ready to hold the u20 event why is it running to Israel's problems"
"Brother in point 1 or before point 1. When the Republic of Indonesia volunteered to host was there any anticipation that Israel would take part in the U20s? Was there any anticipation that Israel would qualify?"
Karunia's plan for Anies supporters to follow the current issue of Israel and Palestine in the U20 World Cup failed miserably due to the cancellation of Indonesia as host by Fifa Physical Education teacher Nurul Bahar Menpora Daesung Arbani Casemiro Ria SW Sindhu Chelsea Napoli
until when should Indonesian football be mixed with politics... end this drama... reveal to the public the reason FIFA canceled Indonesia hosting the U20 World Cup and stop misleading narratives about Israel's rejection directed at someone
"The acceptance of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia this is a test of discipline against Bung Karno's party and ideology. In full:"
"It's clear that FIFA's letter is circulating canceling Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup because of the security mirrored by the Kanjuruhan tragedy. But the media continues to blow it because of Israel's rejection. Back to the laptop."
when the Israeli issue angered a group of people at the u20 world cup...pssi was busy looking for scapegoats to cover up the real reasons for fifa's decision to cancel the u20 world cup host in indonesia... for the sake of the world cup pssi had to break the rules..?? ?
"It looks like there will be a nose & beard burning. The (failed) U20 World Cup has succeeded in uniting 2 opposing political parties in terms of the Israeli team's rejection"
angel wes... there are 3 questions regarding the u20 and the israel national team... check Mr. Ganjar
"Structured phobia the country is horrified. It's delicious... if those who scream are Israel's rejection of U20 because it is contrary to the 45th Constitution. It also applies to the establishment of houses of worship you have to have permission except for those who don't have the permit to close what kind of noise can that be?"
what does the u20 world cup have to do with our chatter being more arabic than arabic... is it true that the u20 place failed in indonesia because it rejected israel... where's the letter from fifa stating that...
not yet radical behavior….if it becomes a pill dun u20 then go to xi israel hti..fpi..212..(the fact still exists) over 2000 people…it's very possible that the security forces are overwhelmed…why is Indonesia getting destroyed….
"back to our first guest namely eros djarot: this episode eros djarot together with our host Zulfan Lindan discusses what is currently lively namely the u20 world cup and the political vortex around it"
The constitutional constraints in the Minister of Foreign Affairs' regulation are clear... so... don't blame Israel's refusal again for the failure of Garuda Muda to compete... PSSI must speak up over the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
Najwa Shihab answered the issue of U20 Israel - Palestine
"The one who spoke out loud yesterday rejected the Israel U20 team competing in Indonesia for constitutional reasons at that time where? So that person has to be consistent in his attitude. I have agreed to succeed but instead refused! How are you going to lead this country if you are not consistent?"
"thank you for the information it has convinced me even more that it is true that the Indonesian government is not ready to hold the world cup Israel's rejection statement only covers up their failure to hold the world's most amazing sporting event even though it is u20."
The Israeli team's rejection clearly resulted in the failure of the U20 World Cup by FIFA that's a fix.
"Israeli media regrets that Indonesia can't host the U20 World Cup it's called an own goal"
"Indonesia's failure to host the U20 World Cup has gone that way. The main problem is why Israel was able to qualify for the U20 World Cup. The concern is to try football first not to others."
"It turns out that Israel left Palestine after being rewarded for refusing the Israeli team to compete in the U20 World Cup.
"Don't be disappointed by the GP (Ganjar Pranowo) with the cancellation of the U20 World Cup watch carefully"" the following video ends we all have common sense to see what is really behind Mr. GP's statement regarding the Israeli team's refusal to Indonesia Mr. GP is not a person stupid."
fifa can not just stay silent. strike out the israel team. return u20.
What does this have to do with the Israeli-Palestinian war? Then why aren't there Arab countries that are 'compact in opening their voices' in support of Indonesia so that it is not removed from hosting the U20 World Cup?
"Fortunately Pak Jokowi is wise just try yesterday and allow Israel to enter with a ceasefire agreement during the U20 World Cup someone might lose thr."
"The discussion on March 18 was about Israel's rejection right? This meeting was about coalition preparations or anything other than the U20 world cup..."
double standard fifa. Qatari Ministry of Foreign Affairs satirizes Israeli troops attacking Palestinian football final with tear gas. that was after fifa crossed out indonesia as host of the u20 world cup final. so remember kanjuruhan which is also called fifa in its decision to cross out Indonesia.
Karunia's plan for Anies supporters to follow the current issue of Israel and Palestine in the U20 World Cup failed miserably due to the cancellation of Indonesia as the host by Fifa Nurul the teacher of physical education Arbani Bahar Ria SW Daesung. Get well soon Jaehyuk Menpora Sindhu ive is coming.
"Ganjar pairs his body to protect Jokowi Gibran attaches his body to stay strong in accepting Israel Jokowi attaches his body so that FIFA doesn't cancel U20 in Indonesia.... Rewards a late hero whose statue must be made"
it's clear to reject the israel u20 national team.
"Pak Jokowi's big vision and mission for this country has been designed at least until 2045 to get Indonesia to advance to the U20 World Cup one of which must fail because the people below him who voted perpendicular to the Palestinian party don't matter to Israel in Pildun the reward for defending Palestine?"
"Mrs used to not like PDIP but it turns out that only PDIP is capable of pursuing political passions if. 1. I want to extend my term of office. 2. I want to build an airport in Bali 3. I want a U20 football match if Israel participates. compete. cc"
no wonder the president gave the fixed national guarantee to Indonesia's u20 that was canceled by fifa. the participating teams let alone Israel are probably very grateful not to be in Indonesia.
"Brother there is a possibility that the GP vote will not be from the party it was deliberately ordered to make a statement against the Israeli national team in the U20 gubernatorial election. So the electability of the GP has dropped and there has also been less pressure to nominate a GP?"
"I just saw about rewarding Pranowo & Koster against Israel U20 National Team Jokowi finally opened his voice firm! - click to see also"
It's sad... when the Israeli issue angered a group of people at the U20 World Cup... PSSI was busy looking for scapegoats to cover up the real reasons for FIFA's decision to cancel the hosting of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia...
"Everyone has to be smart. It was Israel that failed the U20 World Cup. If Israel didn't qualify there would be no pros and cons. So Israel not only succeeded in failing Pildun it still divided this nation."
let's try to tabayyun again regarding this u20 world cup problem
Football has always been used to fight colonialism and achieve independence
"And again what's the point of spending billions on the U20s if in the end they are even threatened with bans? How come you guys are excited even though some Palestinians don't matter if Israel participates in the competition fanatics fanatics there but you make the country lose "
"Those who reject Israel hope that the U20 match will still be held in Indonesia without Israel... this is FIFA this is the world cup man meaning that all countries in the world can participate as long as they qualify... the decision is in FIFA's hands not in the hands of governors and parties"
"So you gave the example of Russia which knows itself only to send a delegation of its foreign ministers to the G20 event. Then Israel told them to know themselves too then withdrew from the U20? Who are you? Telling FIFA?"
So that's why I just giggled when I saw the hair fire yesterday when U20 was cancelled... if a camel peeing supporter meets Israeli supporters at the very end it's like ginj
the forced truth is sickening. no matter how you want to play it it looks like GP &amp; pdip plays israel issues to get sympathy from opponents while stomping on the heads of football fans &amp; sir is evil! Whatever Adian delivers the fact is that the U20 World Cup is cancelled. we also see ..
"In the Bible Genesis 27; 29 it is written "" who curses Israel will be cursed who blesses Israel will be blessed. you reward"
"Those who are dangerous in this world are terrorists the origins of terrorists are from radicalism which failed to host the u20 pidun were radicals who rejected the Israeli team. That's a fact."
"If Israel is subject to sanctions from FIFA is it possible that Indonesia's rights as WC-U20 organizers can be returned...???"
Israel was wrong in identifying the cause of the cancellation of the U20 Football World Cup in Indonesia!
Karan's plan for Anies' supporters to follow the current issue of Israel and Palestine at the U20 World Cup failed miserably due to Indonesia's cancellation as host by Fifa Bahar Nurul Jongin Arbani Ria SW Yes daddy congratulations Jim Casemiro Giselle Sindhu
Ouch why are Israeli players not allowed to compete in the U20 World Cup?
"Drown the party rejecting Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup. Keep going President Jokowi with national football."
"If the parameters are this there are many examples of good reception by parliamentary delegations (deceit) sports other meetings with Israel it's fine. The photo above doesn't apply. The behavior of the traitors in the U20 World Cup is clearly politically motivated lust for rape. It's only natural to be jailed!!"
"For example Indonesia became the host of U20 football one of the ngr participants in Israel in fact this is a form of diplomacy in the modern era to reconcile the warring ngr by being a friend to the two ngr it opens up opportunities between israel & palestine as well that is the spirit of the military "
"Signs of PDIP and PKS flares are falling free PDIP: 1. Arterial Dahlan insults Sundanese 2. Rejects Israel at U20 pks: Rejects Israel at PSLD U20 2 This party is predicted to lose votes #"
Reject Israel is the most logical interpretation of the FIFA letter. now I even regret joining the fuss about the reasons for canceling the world cup when I saw the discussion about the u20 world cup
"The cadres agree to boycott Israel it's time not to become the U20 World Cup but the fuss over the failure of the U20 World Cup is consistent a little bit"
Drun Drun Anis's henchman yesterday refused Israel. Get ready for a volume of demonstrations. It went awry because of the refusal to reject Israel. Ehh instead they attacked and blamed the u20 world cup.. Drun2 base
"Team Jorge is an Israeli entity that admits participating in meddling/intervention in more than 33 presidential elections in the world through spying on social media and digital ecosystems how come it's so trivial for u20 indonesia cake is a piece of cake"
"Even your majesty put your body on the presence of the Zionist national team joked don't mix sports and politics. This is the U20 World Cup boss not a world cup between clubs. All the players represent their nationalism &amp; Israel unfortunately was built on land grabbing and repression."
"We even helped each other blamed rebuked about the failure of the U20 & silenced the voice of the rejection of the Israeli national team as the culprit. Surrender to the double standard Mr. FIFA by saying that we must submit to FIFA sadly Your Excellency the President is trembling with warnings about sanctions fifa for the failure of u20"
"Bumn employees guarding Habib fired. 349 trillion odd transactions at the Ministry of Finance. thr for PNS is not full. Pertamina's refinery is on fire again. Plans to import 2 million tons of rice. Failed to host the U20 World Cup. Is it true because they rejected Israel or were they really not ready? "
"If you understand the position of the president why did PDIP "shake" the U20 World Cup by rejecting the Israeli team. Incidentally Jokowi is the president and not a party official."
"If the world cup continues Indonesia has the potential to be subject to at least 2x major embarrassment. 1. The Israeli flag flies. 2. The quality of the u20 players is dubious. Imagine if both of these happened. The Israeli flag has flown the national team has played badly the dignity of this country has been destroyed."
"Well this is your factor the failure of the U20 world cup in Indonesia but Ebong od shouted the kadran kadrun it turns out that the kadrun rejected the Israeli national team poor Central Java governor and the governor of Bali became kadrun hopefully 2024 will be kadrun all so that this country is calm peaceful peaceful and money People don't run to Hong Kong
"Yesterday there were those who rejected the U20 World Cup because Israel committed crimes against humanity where were you when this humanitarian problem happened before your eyes don't just problems in Palestine make you noisy is it because this is a minority house of worship??? the apparatus also have no heart! !"
If Erick can manage the U20 and Israel cases well then this could be a gold ticket for him to "play" in 2024 and at the same time "drown" his bad memories. surf on the waves until two or three islands are passed..
"Sometimes from this incident we understand why the reward is to say it rejects Israel is it because the reward understands that if Israel is playing then why Indonesia is getting worse in the eyes of the world because of the brutal riots at the U20 World Cup."
"Hopefully the prayers of the Indonesian u20 players will be accepted and get justice hey the Russian fifa attacked Ukraine you were banned Israel's turn from ancient times until now likes to attack Afghanistan you let it be played instead"
"The cancellation of the U20 World Cup was not solely because of Israel but because of Erik Tohir Ketum PSSI's failure to prepare the venue and the proposed case which has not been resolved to be honest don't lie to the people the reward for refusing is not his own will but politics to win the sympathy of the Muslim community in 2024 children will be sacrificed"
"As for the case of the Israeli U20 victim it was tried in an arbitration court which was held in the Netherlands. At the same time raising the issue of allegations of human rights violations in Papua by security forces with demands that Papua must be released and become independent."
"If it continues when the Israeli U20 team plays there will be security sabotage including injuring players if necessary Israeli players or citizens are sacrificed. So that the Indonesian government falls in the eyes of the world. The KKB-OPM also took advantage of this moment. ."
"It's clear the sentiment towards Pak Jokowi wanting to embarrass Pak Jokowi by thwarting the U20 World Cup on constitutional grounds even though the Parliamentary Union meeting in Bali where there was an Israeli delegation was not cancelled so 2024 don't vote for parties and organizations that reject the U20 World Cup"
"Bali Governor I Wayan Koster invites the public to pray for the Israel National Team being eliminated by FIFA from the 2023 U20 World Cup.
I hope that after the case of the rejection of the U20 Israel National Team the eyes of the Indonesian people who have been so far will be open to the true reality.
"Well.. where are you going? Where are you going Grandma to India...? Yes no the host at U20 isn't India Argentina woiii..the Israel National Team is still participating the Indonesian National Team is not participating.."
Canceling the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is the strategy of all PDI P cadres. Jokowi &amp; gibran. Jokowi did not expect Israel to enter Pildun. Jokowi's attitude towards Israel is clear &amp; in international forums. specifically for football he only talks to gibolons.
When is Israel's Zionists coming... he said one of the teams taking part in the U20 football match in Indonesia... who are the opponents... which group are you in... haha
"Even though Israel is playing and there are riots there will always be opportunities to show new heroes. Now it seems like it's quite a blunder because electability has gone down it's considered to be hindering the dreams of U20 players. OK this is just typing it out. Happy fasting"
Jokowi supports the U20 world cup with Israel. the governor did not support. assumption: fifa failed Indonesia to become the host because of the Israeli issue. conclusion: fifa listens to the governor more than the president's statement.
"Najwa: FIFA refuses to sanction Israel which has held matches in the Palestinian territories?!"
"Israel's ban at U20 is the tip of the iceberg for football in this country the big problem is in the mentality of the administrators and supporters"
"""fifa cancels u20 world cup because of israel issue"""
2. The 1962 Asian Games which took place in Jakarta. Israel is not invited (not taking part). the same as Indonesia being banned from IOC (International Olympiad) &amp; not allowed to appear at the 1964 Olympics. 3. Indonesia's 2023 U20 World Cup. Indonesia refused to take part in Israel. the same as Indonesia was banned by FIFA.
"try to see it from another point of view. stop blaming each other. in full: sleman fifa palestine israel u20 eick thohir"
Do you know why the U20 world cup failed yesterday? not because of Israel but because we are not ready the fans are tacky there is no advantage for FIFA it's better to look for money in other countries.
"Since the case of the rejection of the Israel National Team and after the cancellation of the U20 World Cup by FIFA this party has been back and forth seeking attention by posting tweets every day. My family has long voted for you but henceforth will not vote for you. It was your cadre who was the mastermind behind the cancellation of the U20 World Cup "
if Israel vs Indonesia had a soccer match at the U20 World Cup and Indonesia lost.. what do you think will happen? fellow Indonesian clubs if they lose burn the car... this is Israel's enemy. ..
you can tell which one is Israel's rejection of imaging and which one is serious about it!!
Israel is boycotting Indonesia the fact is that Israel is still taking part in the U20 World Cup. Indonesia is participating in the U40 tarkam.
"When Indonesia volunteered to host the U20 World Cup which included Israel was there any consideration that Israel would qualify for the finals?"
doesn't mean that what rock gerung said is true.... he doesn't understand Pancasila.... and even crazier.... he doesn't understand the constitution even though it's clear that there are consequences that must be held accountable if u20 is carried out and allows israel to come to Indonesia
"From the Israeli U20 national team which was canceled at +62 we know that the incumbent has split into 3 camps: the Palace PDIP and Ganjar. - The Palace wants to nominate Prabowo-Ganjar. - PDIP nominates Puan. - Football blunders. The election is getting closer. the king maker is confused there is no potential figure."
"Gp got trapped by Batman commenting on the U20 world cup problem studying with Mr. Anies doesn't want to comment on the U20 world cup with the arrival of the Israeli national team silent is gold"
"The big scenario failed again thankfully FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Kdroen was too loud and the scenario of scapegoating the Israeli team as a hammer was known to bin"
"It's not like that bro !!! right now PDIP is also lying a lot which is not in favor of the underprivileged. If there is no ""rejection"" at U20 Israel FIFA won't ""think"" about the safety of the U20 match in the Republic of Indonesia so let's start this is also nonsense haha ​​bro bro sorry pdip"
I trust British journalists sir.. if you ask local journalists you'll know that the infrastructure is inadequate. formula e. The bottom line is the cancellation of WC U20 because of Israel's rejection.
"It's actually easy to judge the failure to host the U20 World Cup. The PDIP/government asked for conditions so that there was no Israeli national anthem no flag-raising but FIFA considered that it was an intervention in the end there was a deadlock"
"And it's true that FIFA canceled hosting Indonesia at the U20 World Cup seeing the behavior of fans like this I can't imagine if it was Israel and Bkl who were fighting as riot as AP CB"
Israel and Palestine facts.
"I'm really glad you lost. I can't remember anymore when I failed to host the U20 World Cup. Come on all political parties and heads" "Regions who rejected Israel's campaign yesterday. If the vision and mission are good I will vote"
"That's what Kadrun Ndin said pretending to take Palestine with them but really it's only for their interests. Logically if someone makes a fuss at the U20 or whatever the security forces can act decisively against those anti-Israel gangs. If security is like at the G20 the country will lose the same kadrun."
"Those who have blasphemed the GP until now some may also continue to blaspheme when Israel was allowed to appear at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia with a different narrative of blasphemy"
"Because of the intolerant radical cadets who refused Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup which was finally canceled by FIFA."
"In 1958 Indonesia refused to compete with Israel &amp; failed to advance to the next round. This year Indonesia refused Israel's arrival. &amp; failed to play in the world cup (even though it was U20). I think at the next opportunity if Indonesia meets Israel it will be like this again. Just play like that."
"Indonesia isn't ready to be the host right? It's been a few months of euphoria there's no world cup class it's losing to aff euphoria the point is in my opinion Indonesia isn't ready yet not because Israel refuses anyway Mr. Joko Widodo accepted Israel to play in the U20 world cup but in fact still cancel"
"The PDIP maneuvered to reject the presence of the Israeli U20s through its cadres in the government when the event schedule was in sight. It was clear that it was embarrassing for the Jokowi government a bad stigma in the eyes of the international world; it took a long time to restore trust."
"If I see the results of the FIFA meeting with PSSI yesterday there is still a gap for Indonesia to return to hosting the U20 because there is still a follow-up meeting in the near future. The domino effect of rejecting the Israeli U20 team has started rolling so that Indonesia can get the sympathy of many countries."
"ooohhh so what made the u20 world cup fail to be held in Indonesia was not because of the rejection by Mr. Ganjar & Wayan Koster but because of the actions of Bani Cingkrang this is what the Israelis themselves said you know. It's Kadroen it's really a trouble maker"
Of course those who demonstrated against the Israeli U20 national team made a mess
but there are also those who link Ridwan Kamil's work with the current conditions in Indonesia which has just lost the opportunity to host the U20 World Cup because Israel refused to come to Indonesia.
bro you're right... why are you apologizing the one who should be apologizing to the children of the U20 national team... for rejecting the arrival of the Israeli national team for political reasons all of a sudden.
"Actually there is still an opportunity for Indonesia to host participate in the U20 world championship if the government & PSSI can convince FIFA about the safety of U20 participants regarding the policy regarding rejection of Israel I'm sure FIFA can accept it given the current behavior of the Israeli state"
yesterday so many groups of boars acting on behalf of the uud 45 mandate refused the arrival of the israel national team who will compete in football at u20... it was their turn to seal the house of worship the boar group did not speak out loud about the uud 45 mandate. what was the uud 45 mandate?
I hope Israel will be the U20 world champion amen
want to give any sanction what a fool because Indonesia pretends to be so great in rejecting Israel's U20 eeeee that will blemish the history of world football - not an achievement that Indonesia has recorded but it's flawed haha ​​idiot
"The reward for speaking u20 is because of the party's orders... there were no orders tricked so the Israeli flag flew."
"There's nothing about Israel in canceling Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup. Instead there's the matter of the nomination tragedy as the reason for the cancellation. We've been given light sanctions before uh the settlement of the case is actually messing around......"
"If this is true what is the name of sport that should not be combined with politics... Naiszu. Those whose names are Israel regardless of age have been taught for generations to fight against Palestine whether you are aged 16 or 20 everyone is old"
I want to ask and ask for enlightenment what year was Indonesia appointed to host the U20 World Cup? what year did israel qualify for the u20 world cup? please maa please answer before we continue
"How come it seems hypocritical cheering for U20 after they had their hopes crushed. At the last minute they rejected Israel but previously stated that they were willing to become organizers even though they already know that Israel is a member of FIFA. That's really hypocritical... right. I'm sad"
"It's your turn to support Pak to become a presidential candidate... eeeeh he's even intolerant and refuses Israel to come to Indonesia at the U20 World Cup. Which ends up us not being hosts because sports are politicized :)))"
In fact FIFA supports Indonesia's policy of rejecting the Israeli national team by canceling the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"No no in the end my guess was right I don't deny that the Israeli U20 national team is considered to support Israel in colonizing Palestine"
in Bali there will be another sporting event and Israel will also be a participant. Just wait for the attitude of the Governor of Bali if he accepts it means there are indeed allegations that the PDIP has embarrassed Jokowi. The u20 world cup is a bigger event but if the goal is Israel's participation the political attitude should be the same.
"together push Israel until the u20 world cup is canceled by fifa history will be remembered by generation z and its grandchildren"
"""sorry yesterday was the order of the big boss of the party I can't fight back."" - honest version but finished his political career ""sorry I made the wrong decision it should be fine for Israel to come at u20."" - version of pretend knight but looks stupid and wishy-washy nothing good for him"
"Even though they have trained really hard. Do they really deserve to enter PU20? It's like you entered there via the royal anjrit route. Israel's example even though they were rejected in Indo but they have proven they are worthy because they have passed qualification stage"
And Ganjar also dared to speak out loud against the Israeli national team to thwart the U20 World Cup.
"Who yesterday gallantly rejected the Israeli U20 National Team for reasons contrary to the constitution because Israel colonized Palestine open your eyes! Is this in accordance with the constitution? Is this not colonialism/oppression of the majority against minorities? As a Muslim I am deeply ashamed !!"
ketum should be prepared for the arrival of special guests. because the game will start soon. it's clear that all the strings of rejection of young u20 players from israel are no accident!!
"Brother last night a friend tried to convince me that the cancellation of our hosting at U20 was due to a request but the government is trying to cover up the real reason because no party is really responsible. Israel is just a "scapegoat"."
"Wkwkwkwkkkk. You sent it you didn't read it. It was in 1994 that it entered European football completely. And of course Israel entered FIFA and took part in the selection until they took part in the U20 World Cup and it's a pity now it's only Indonesia who refuses. Little smart."
"Tragedy of the Yasser Arafat Cup the Indonesian national team you 20 has the opportunity to replace Israel in the U20 World Cup"
hah if it's not ready fifa will also cancel it from a bit far but the day isn't tight like this. GP doesn't show loyalty it's the same as seeing that he can't keep his promise because before that there must have been deals regarding the GP area being used by the U20 (include Israel play)
Can someone enlighten me 1. What year was Indonesia appointed to host the U20 World Cup? 2. What year did Israel qualify for the U20 World Cup? Let's just start from here and then we'll discuss the next so let the problem be clear. the problem of refusing is another matter
"Be victorious in the Israel U20 World Cup!!! no matter how bad your country is it has never colonized Indonesia let alone stolen songket cloth and fish in Natuna."
but Mahfud also doesn't want the PD-U20 on the grounds that the Israeli national team
"or the ""game"" of the ruling party because they were unable to hold the u20 worldcup. because from 3 weeks ago the news was that 2 of the 6 stadiums were not ready suddenly this week it changed because of Israel."
"The reason for the cancellation of the U20 World Cup was not because of a statement of rewards or fees but rather a letter from the Ministry of Youth and Sports sent to FIFA which contained conditions for the Israeli national team to compete in this tournament and it was considered interfering with FIFA as the tournament owner."
"Astafirullah it's not like that uncle not because of Israel but because Muslims are people who adhere to the constitution and are anti-colonial. So there are more harms than benefits if there is a U20 world cup with Israel's colonial team as participants playing here"
"If GP&amp;IW becomes Japres or Cawapres we cannot forever host sporting events (because Israel refuses) even though every sporting event in the Israeli world always passes as a participant even though in the end we don't become champions. (What do you want to repeat to kill the U20 generation) "
I should have asked the coalition team why they rejected the Israeli U20 team...
"I don't believe that the U20 World Cup failed in Indonesia because of the GP and Koster statement according to Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 3/2019 even if Israel is present in Indo then Israel may not raise the flag and sing the national anthem do Israel and FIFA agree? with the ban?"
"It won't be the U20 World Cup it won't be the end right? There are many considerations for FIFA besides Israel's rejection it turns out JIS is not used even though it has entered FIFA standards the only difference is that it is not included in PSSI standards"
gp can't fail u20. but the statement with the brsama gov bali rejected israel to be considered by fifa as an intervention from the government. that's what made the u20 move. His statement is also a form of defiance to the president who has been desperately lobbying FIFA to become the host.
I'm sorry there are U20 PSSI who are victims of the stupidity of Indonesians &amp; parties who are plinkplank PDIP for example there are regulations from the Minister of Home Affairs and why can other athletes from Israel compete in Indonesia? it turns out that PDIP is also the same as other parties Samimawon haha
"the israel team qualified for the u20 world cup through the pre-qualification round unlike the indonesian national team entering the u20 world cup helping to become the organizer or host this opportunity should not be wasted and should be used for the presidential administration which was canceled"
Is there a desire to take Israel out of the U20 World Cup like the governor ordered or not bro?
right Hasto said the attitude of reward was not the attitude of the party when it rejected the Israeli national team at U20.. that's a big sin please.. just fire them all
"Where are the u20 kids whose dreams are the most disturbed??? annoying those who reject Israel right? Don't forget to wear ribbon too your federation"
reject israel in world football u20 but it will lead to more support for ganjar pranowo in presidential election! that's a political trick
"We'll see then Argentina will host the U20 wc instead of us. Do they reject Israel too? Their attitude should be in accordance with Messi please the hero"
"Don't mix politics and sports the proof? How come you can sanction Russian football U20 in Indonesia failed because Indonesia's constitution is solid and upholds the UN charter. Israel openly interferes with Palestinian football FIFA just doesn't care. What's this"
"Maybe the U20 opponents don't believe in the abilities of our national team so that instead of losing to the Israeli national team they are busy boycotting Israel and indirectly saving the face of this nation from defeat that hasn't yet happened."
"That's what's called the domino effect just like this incident who did the Koar2 act of refusing Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup who was affected by who until their host status was revoked"
the enemy of the tadpole who is in conflict with Israel at the world u20 in nkri is dead. why??? Ask Gih Sono and the one holding the fifa answer letter which refuses to be published to the public. don't be arrogant for the procession to cry in congregation.
"the Palestinian ambassador said "" it doesn't matter if Israel plays in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia "" our officials refused. Netijen was shocked instead to insult the Palestinians who wore Indonesian jersey on the leaflet."
other countries are defended even though in the country just see for yourself. What's the difference between Israel's U20 players rejecting Israel's oppression and colonization. the title is sami mawon both are oppressive
"If the cancellation of the U20 event is reckless & unreasonable we can slap the head of FIFA & its officials. But in fairness their decision is also quite reasonable. How can you ban the Israeli team the Israelis are also official participants! Isreal cancellation no fair to israel."
"This is what triggered the PDI to struggle to maneuver by refusing Indonesia to host the U20 under the pretext of refusing the Israeli team to play in Indonesia. And internal forces are still insistent that PDIP will continue to carry Puan."
"It has nothing to do with the government event which is being opposed by Israel's arrival it's not the event why the U20 World Cup yes because the moment is right now."
"Want to hate Israel you can't be ridiculous & reckless. Humanely Israel also has the right to be treated fairly. The Israeli team has also struggled to qualify as a U20 event participant it cannot be recklessly aborted! justice take it as it should!"
"If the cancellation of the U20 ujang is reckless & unreasonable we can slap the head of FIFA & its top officials. But in fairness their decision is also quite reasonable. How can you ban the Israeli team the Israelis are also official participants! Isreal cancellation no fair to israel."
"Even though Pan also rejected Israel at U20 it means Jokowi's heartache is not for the party but more for the two governors who disobeyed"
"A reasonable reason for the cancellation of the U20 event in Indonesia is the case of refusing the presence of the Israeli team to compete! If you look for other reasons there may also be them but potentially ridiculous!"
Even though it's not as big as the U20 World Cup I dare not refuse the Israeli team at the World Beach Game in Bali..
ramadhan open night massage semarang for massage cheap guys couple tired men handyman dion magelang solo jogja bukber sahur cirebon rain yogyakarta malioboro earthquake fifa u20 carlos israel culinary tour purwokerto
"It is said that if WC U20 was here someone would want to repeat Munich 1972. It is also said that the sponsors were strong people and rich people who often sponsored several big "events". continue now to make the president's narrative fail."
pdhl the israel national team has just confirmed that they will enter wc u20 in 2023 after finishing runner up in the group in the semifinals after losing 1-3 against england. apparently pdi-p could predict that the isreal national team would enter the 2023 wc u20 finals before the team actually qualified
back to uud45. don't use uud45 just to ban israel from participating in the u20 world cup. but use uud45 to fight arbitrary acts2. blocking/prohibiting people from worshiping is a crime ham cc sir sir
so here's the story. Indonesia is the host of the U20 World Cup. Hierarchically there is no relationship between FIFA &amp; president but with pssi. So it just so happens that the PSSI chairman is a minister who is under the president's office. there was a rejection of the Israeli question which had implications for the security guarantees of the participating teams. so......
cheers for Ms. Najwa
it's really true miss Najwa
This is because Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup. while the Indonesian constitution does not accept the presence of Israel. whether the government will betray the constitution for the umpteenth time?
"So Ganjar Pranowo rejecting the presence of the Israeli U20 team is correct for the greater interests of the nation the 2024 election don't let Ganjar be defeated right? Just because you agree that the Israeli U20s are present and compete in NKRI where Islam is still fanatical and not smart enough"
cheers for Ms. Najwa
Israel was dropped from the U20 World Cup
"U20 World Cup Canceled Former Wamen Calls Israel's Presence In The Republic Of Indonesia"
it's really great Ms. Najwa
"The fact is Israel is still taking part in the U20 World Cup Indonesia is not"
it's really great Ms. Najwa
It is only natural that Indonesian national team players and Indonesian football fans are angry with politicians who reject the involvement of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup. because of the negative effects it has on the children of the Indonesian nation. dashed dreams of the nation's children
"Invite the U20 national team apologize do something for the national team don't repeat it again as bad as humans are especially Israel of course not all bad if he is very bad no country will be friends with him"
create this thread to 'justify' Israel's rejection at the u20 and in the aftermath Indonesia was crossed out as host? ckckck
"Wong Ntes was born to talk about colonialism!! Then the young people yesterday had sparring and so on ukm who had to lose money because U20 was also because of colonialism? You're stupid don't you think that you were able to accept the Israeli delegation yesterday? This is already political isn't it? don't be pretentious!!"
it's really true miss Najwa
it turns out that ganjar has become a kadrun after rejecting israel at u20....
what's funny is that he rejected Israel at the U20 world cup he said he was oppressing Palestinians. What's the difference between them and Israel? the title is equally oppressive as well.
the lgbt issue is different from the rejection of a country/nation. do not agree that oppression should be fought without giving rise to hatred towards others. In fact if we want to accept Israel in holding the U20 in Indonesia we can play the role of peaceful diplomacy for both of them.
"But Palestine U20 also entered the U20 World Cup. Then the coach is from Israel we protest against colonialism but this is about football. Don't tie it to foreign policy matters"
"Failing to host the U20 World Cup is definitely very disappointing. But that may be Allah's way of saving Indonesia from the potential for big commotion that might occur if Israel plays here. Not only will it be in the world's spotlight but the impact on domestic politics can also be very detrimental to the Republic of Indonesia. "
"the statement from the Palestinian side became Jokowi's foundation in his speech tonight. Jokowi: about the U20 World Cup""President: don't mix sports with politics"" ""I guarantee Israel's participation has nothing to do with the consistency of foreign political positions "
"From there Jokowi received a guarantee that Palestine would not be "angry" because there was an Israeli national team at the U20. The meeting was also Jokowi's "uphold" to protect Palestinian feelings. And it was proven that Palestine did not have a problem with it."
"certainly according to the founding fathers of our nation.. just show this to the party you don't need to use the word "".. we don't accept all cooperation and relations with Israel. it's over.."
"Permen Eloo No.3/2019 Indonesia has no diplomatic relations with Israel when the Israeli national team cannot participate in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia Taiwan & Kosovo also has no diplomatic relations with Indonesia... but there are 249000 migrant workers working in Taiwan people...try to pull all Indonesian migrant workers home"
"Palestinian affairs and Israel rejoicing at the u20 world cup that is not our business. Our business is a principle in the constitution. Those who say they are not sane are the ones who are actually not sane.."
"They (the u20 pidun committee) blundered as soon as the Israeli team passed they were dizzy"
"Indonesia rejects U20 because of the Israeli national team for pros and cons please but... look at this news this is not between politics and sports the Zionists have always been depraved I hope that what our leaders are doing to reject U20 is correct even though there will be FIFA witnesses"
Mr. Ganjar should have told Mr. Jokowi that since 2019 Spy has not taken part in the U20 World Cup bidding because Israel is a FIFA member. whose names are FIFA members there will always be the possibility of qualifying from their respective zones. What if Israel is in the European zone where football is advanced...
the cancellation is still not clear. Coincidentally Pak rewarded the last statement about Israel's rejection. then several u20 children immediately attacked Mr. Ganjar without finding out more. keep spirit sir
"The U20 World Cup event was canceled in Indonesia following the rejection by a number of figures of the Israeli national team. Indonesia's failure to convince FIFA to continue holding this big event in Indonesia inevitably disappointed many people."
"The president is patient humble submission it's God's will yes let's accept it. Adem. But implicitly he mentioned that the district heads of the U20 location have all signed. Suddenly 2 months before the day of the day he made a statement rejecting the team israel. yes turn around. scatter"
"U20 is cancelled don't blame those who rejected Israel. We have rejected Israel since they first qualified last year. The government was given a warning but ignored it &amp; instead of taking steps to anticipate. Disappointment is normal &amp; for a moment boss. Meanwhile the principle is forever. Muted. "
"Maybe the calculation was wrong I want Israel to be banned like Russia in 2018 and at U20 in Indonesia without Israel. The event was a success and the defense of Palestine went well. I didn't expect FIFA to cancel because of a broken promise with FIFA. You guarantee participants."
"Israel raided the Faisal Stadium and Indonesia was dropped as the host at U20 where is FIFA?"
where can fifa be intervened. FIFA's decisions are binding and final. Israel's rejection resulted in the cancellation of Indonesia as host in the U20 season. Hasto Kristiyanto do you want to be responsible?
this news makes me laugh... how can the government refuse israel to appear in the u20 world cup? Is the U20 World Cup a competition made in Indonesia or PDIP?
Try it those of you who are still loyal to Mr. Ganjar ask him how is the U20 World Cup without Israel as a representative from the European zone because Israel is the runner-up from the European zone?
fifa cancels Indonesia hosting the U20 World Cup because the infrastructure is not ready during the site visit to venues throughout Indonesia there is no good relationship with Kanjuruhan and Wahyudi Israel Crystal Clear!
"Continuing with Ganjar's statement there is a breakthrough for the U20 World Cup but it will continue without Israel... how can you do it? Does the U20 World Cup belong to Indonesia or Pak Ganjar's competition so that it can be made without Israel which will appear as runner-up from the European zone? "
"Apart from the Israeli issue Indonesia doesn't deserve to hold the U20 World Cup yet"
It's a shame that the U20 World Cup has been canceled in Indonesia. even though Hasto Kristiyanto has lobbied so that the Israeli national football team does not compete in Bali in the U-20 World Cup.
according to Pak Hasto Kristiyanto there is a potential danger related to the presence of the Israeli national team coming to Indonesia. In the end there was a lot of rejection of the Israeli national team which more or less had an impact on Indonesia's failure to become the host at U20.
"One of those involved in the case of Israel's refusal to compete in the U20 World Cup is a cadre of the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle (PDIP) Hasto Kristiyanto."
According to PDIP Secretary General Hasto Kristiyanto there is a potential danger associated with the presence of the Israeli National Team in Indonesia. In the end there were many rejections which resulted in Indonesia failing to host U20.
cancellation due to rejection of the massive israel u20 national team.
"But the fact is that for the affairs of the U20 World Cup the vision is different... especially for bigger matters later. In front of it there are more big matters economic affairs geopolitical affairs unfinished Covid matters... Israel is having a problem using the constitution but for what is the business of rmh ibdh using the skb of 2 ministers what is it for Mr. Ganjar?"
From the start I was happy because Indonesia was appointed to host the U20 World Cup. although in the end they were furious with politicians who refused to allow the Israeli national team to compete in Indonesia thus dashing the dreams of the nation's children to compete in the world cup.
"Just the same Anies' camp has PKS which also rejected Israel in the U20 World Cup"
"In my opinion: if those who refuse Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup are the PSSI then the letter is of course to PSSI. But because those who rejected the 2 governors subordinate to the president and the political parties supporting the President of the Republic of Indonesia the matter is not with PSSI anymore."
now all that's left is the dream of the nation's children to host the u20 world cup. because of the intervention of politicians who mix politics and sports. they refused the arrival of the israel team. Even though Pak Et has worked as best he can
"Those who insist on rejecting the Israeli U20 team you and your gang under the pretext of Palestinian humanitarian solidarity why are you now blaming the government on the pretext of the government's depravity? Mencla mencle throw stones and hide your hands you hypocrite...!!!"
"Hopefully sir he will admit that he made a blunder with the issue of the Israeli U20 team's rejection before getting an award from Hamas like Koster."
"Let me ask point no 2... 1. How is the U20 World Cup without Israel because Israel has qualified Israel is even the runner-up in the European zone? 2. Is FIFA an organization under the government of the Republic of Indonesia or under the Provincial Government of Central Java? is that so?"
"confused in the pros and cons of the football event at u20 fifa wanted to be the host but refused the israel u20 national team which qualified"
"Israeli journalists replied: *U20 cancellation according to Israeli journalists and football observers* *""Ury Levy did not see that the cancellation was made because of the rejection that came from the governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo and the governor of Bali I Wayan Koster.... ""* "
"reject the presidential candidate who is supported by intolerant radical cadets who reject Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup which results in FIFA canceling it."
"what if palestine reports fifa israel is banned u20 is without israel. it's so funny that the death is cancelled"
"Plot twist: it turns out that after we made a fuss and it was decided by FIFA not to host the U20 again Israel was banned from playing at the U20 because it attacked the Palestinian team's match with tear gas."
"Rejected the presidential candidate who was carried by an intolerant radical cadet who rejected Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup so FIFA canceled it."
"when Palestine and Israel "conspired"" to get rid of Indonesia from the u20 world cup &amp; the trash politicians were even proud to have sabotaged Pildun. You are all political trash you don't have a spirit of nationalism &amp; patriotism you just move to become citizens of Hamas and Palestine."
already ustad. don't discuss it anymore. let the u20 case sink by itself :). the most important thing is si.israel has canceled coming :)
"Indonesia is honored FIFA is embarrassing said Mohammad Aboutrika. The legend of the Egyptian national team and Ah Ahly said that after Indonesia lost FIFA's invitation to the U20 World Cup FIFA's double standard for Israel and Russia was also spoken."
"face-to-face defending Palestine by rejecting the Israeli national team at U20 which was canceled by FIFA. What's good is that Indonesia will instead be sanctioned and lose the world's trust in Indonesia. You know think first distinguish the political area from the sports area. You're advised to be quiet!"
"It didn't happen after Indonesia. It's different from Russia. Russia many European countries took part in the match refusing Russia to take part. How about this. Are there countries that enter the U20 World Cup which refuse Israel to participate??"
"it's really bad to reject the u20 world cup just because there is Israel even Israel came only as teenagers and only brought feet and shoes...haduhhhhh"
it's good to blame people uncle... even though yesterday I joined in rejecting Israel to join the U20 world cup in Indonesia
"No wonder the Indonesian people reject the Israeli national team at U20 FIFA must see this"
"You don't understand what I mean. Confrontation can be in the economy military sports etc. So yesterday's rejection of the Israeli team at U20 was a form of confrontation right?"
"*U20 cancellation according to Israeli journalists and football observers* *""Ury Levy did not see that the cancellation was made because of the rejection that came from the governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo and the governor of Bali I Wayan Koster.... ""*"
"whose face is sullen sullen and full of anger. Maybe something unwanted will happen even God will be sued for having destined Israel to enter the u20 final. Of course the horse statue that is always a witness to their demonstrations will lose its glory."
Israeli journalists answer: *U20 cancellation according to Israeli journalists and football observers*
Did he already know that FIFA canceled U20 2 weeks ago? then a pdip scenario was made that does not support israel even though..
"The government violated the '45 Constitution. So that Jokowi's credibility and the figures behind him (gp ps et) were shattered. The aftermath is for the 2024 presidential election. Meanwhile for the case of the Israeli u20 victims it was tried in an arbitration court which was held in the Netherlands. It also raised . "
"Team U20 Israel is playing there will be security sabotage including injuring players if necessary there are players or Israeli citizens who are sacrificed. So that the Indonesian government falls in the eyes of the world. The opportunity for this moment is also used by KKB-OPM to attack police and military posts.  &amp;"
"If there are already some who reject it it's a sign that Israel's security is not guaranteed it's sad that the U20 World Cup failed but it's better not to be caught at the same time rather than being conceded like the Munich Olympics & the Bali bombing Bali tourism can be even more destroyed dictated to like Australia Indonesia can be blacklisted or not cmn football"
"I'm sure Mr. GP's intention was not to cancel the U20 World Cup. Even so the nature of the refusal was not in the sense of being forced like the others which threatened demonstrations threatening the safety of the Israeli national team. But because it is more likely to be dragged into the presidential election Kbtln Pak GP is one of the strong candidates so target djthkan"
"Obviously the cancellation of the U20 World Cup was due to the Kanjuruhan tragedy and the president ordered the chairman of PSSI to immediately complete the transformation of Indonesian football. Certainly not politics or Israel."
"Our condolences for the disbandment of the U-20 National Team which failed to become a participant in the U-20 World Cup in their own country because of the actions of a few people who pretended to be the most righteous they shouted against Israel's oppression of Palestine even though at home some Indonesian people are still being oppressed"
"This could be an excuse for FIFA to drop the Israeli team from the U20..."
"during a storm of insults and swearing at Mr. Ganjar Pranowo for the rejection of the Israeli National Team at U20 in RI both from the general public and their supporters Ganjar's friends chose to continue supporting Ganjar Pranowo as the 2024 presidential candidate"
tomorrow on israel and the u20 world cup. pledoi and counter-pledoi. *leh ugha's book*
because they already know that Indonesia will fail to become the u20 host due to field visits and facts on the ground all of them are said to be due to Israeli elements in the statements of the two governors. that by FIFA standards the stadium is not proper. asked the brgyg grass.
"(You) ask for consistency if you consistently rejected Israel before and after the cancellation at U20? Previously there was an Israeli delegation in the inter-parliament. Tomorrow there will be an Israeli delegation at the Bali beach game. Why is only football rejected?"
"Do you know how many years Indonesia has been chosen to host WC U20? If it's really because of the tragedy maybe Indonesia has been canceled as the host since yesterday after the tragedy. Why is it only now being canceled after the issue of the rejection of the Israeli national team?"
It means that this gentleman already knows information from FIFA that the holding of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was canceled before the Israeli national team's rejection came out.
Maybe he already knew that FIFA had canceled the U20 World Cup before the Israeli national team's rejection came out.
"The failure of the U20 World Cup actually it was known before the Israeli team rejected it but you know this country... everything needs a goat item"
"when pedeipe rejected israel in the u20 world cup and finally reaped the results so more people reject pedeipe in the next election piye jal?!"
The PDIP's attitude is similar to the attitude of a number of parties in the case of the Israeli team's refusal to play at the Indonesian U20 event! This attitude tends to have political nuances even though it is said to be packaged with humanitarian considerations that Israel is said to have colonized Palestine!
"There hasn't been a demonstration yet and there are Israeli athletes refusing to go back to Bali there are still busy discussions and debates in football even though the World Cup has been canceled they still don't feel sorry for the U20 players and their staff they are far from the family it's cancelled"
mn dares to cancel israel participating in the u20 world cup
"the u20 world cup is the right moment to make this country cheos that's what we've been waiting for""radicals with Israeli reasons but failed to create a caliphate"
"Why apologize? Your attitude and statement are correct because rejecting Israel does not make Palestine independent and Israel continues to play. It is precisely Indonesia that loses because it is displaced as a U20 host."
"Just one question please answer me if that's the case why does Indonesia want to hold an international event of course Israel can be a participant??? until the president is helping with the bidding for the U20s"
"The ministerial regulation prohibits Israel's presence in Indonesia. Constrained by the constitution in the Minister of Foreign Affairs Regulation No. 3 of 2019 Articles 150 and 151 clearly state that Indonesia opposes Israel's occupation of Palestine. This is a fact that PSSI ignores."
"Keep on blaming the cancellation of the U20 because the governor broke his commitment but if you're not a fool you must know that someone played a big role because he balked at the Israeli team competing in our country even PKS partners like PA212 have threatened to riot why not keep quiet?"
If possible FIFA will cancel Israel's participation in the 20 World Cup due to tear gas from the Israeli army in the Palestinian domestic final a few days ago and Indonesia will again be allowed to host the U20 World Cup.
because of ancient brains rejecting u20 israel it's a blunder in the relationship between bae and fifa I hope eric can t e
"said Mr. Ganjar Pranowo disappointed because the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia. Maybe he just woke up from a dream. The cancellation was due to his statement rejecting the Israeli team... it's funny how officials don't understand..."
"If there is no refusal it means that the cancellation of the U20 World Cup host was not because of Israel. And yesterday's refusal was a charade"
pity the people &amp; Indonesian u20 players got pranked whether or not the Israeli national team refused Indonesia's role as host will still be canceled because FIFA did not take the handling of the Kanjuruhan tragedy seriously which killed 135.
"So whoever the presidential candidate from that party is useless in the end the decision taken comes from the big lady like yesterday the 2 governors who refused Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup even though Jokowi still dares to take a different attitude yes because he is the president anyway"
"Keep the spirit young Garuda don't let anyone destroy your dreams there is always a way."
"This is one of the "codes" who are supported by the US and Israel in the 2024 Indonesian presidential election. Anies later said ""It doesn't matter if Israel plays in Indonesia"". Ahy said ""Failed to host the U20 World Cup shameful" "It's becoming increasingly clear that the presidential/vice presidential vice president is backed by Israeli and US Zionists."
this is just a football sports event not politics tod. the captain of the israel u20 national team is a muslim and not just a captain. Palestine alone has no problem with the Israeli national team. why do we care?
"The point is that you refuse Israel to play here it doesn't affect anyone. Palestine is still being colonized. Israel is still playing WC U20 it's just shy" compete even in ASEAN low HR"
"I told you insist. That's Palestine and FIFA's business not your business block. In fact it shows that even though Indonesia was canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup Palestine is still occupied by Israel aka making sacrifices without results at all idiot."
"Pretentiously you care the most about civil servants... you reject the Israeli U-20 national team until it is canceled Indonesia becomes the host of Pildun has the effect of burying the dreams of young achievers so that they could become unemployed... where are your eyes and brains..??? "
"Where are the U20 national team lovers who love Israel to death is there a price for life in football?"
"Our country lost because we didn't prepare from last year already know that from 2022 Israel will qualify for the U20 but Erick Thorhir and his team are not even prepared to invite neighboring countries like Sing to become a neutral ground"
could be the reason you took the israel national team out of the u20 world cup..
if you understand football you won't mix up sports and politics. one of them rejected Israel's presence at the u20 world cup. so fifa canceled it.
Hopefully the Israel National Team will be crossed out as a participant in the 2023 U20 World Cup
FIFA crossed out Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup not because of the widespread rejection of the arrival of the Israeli national team but for other reasons. study carefully the contents of the decree from fifa so that you can analyze it wisely without blaming your fellow nation's children.
"but that's just a statement but not with the order to carry out fifa u20 we guarantee the security of the israel national team. bhaa"
"fifa canceled Indonesia from becoming the WC U20 host because of the tragedy not because it rejected the Israeli national team because they knew that if they refused the Israeli national team would laugh at the double standard even though the cancellation was also closed on the same day it looks a bit like a double standard"
"Okay... understand don't just underline it... think dunk use logic if it's a case in point why now after all the crowds you reject Israel brusque FIFA issues a statement canceling the U20 drawing in Indo? Think about it."
"PDIP betrayed Indonesia's HR development priority program... they refused Israel to enter causing polemics in the community and in the end the U20 National Team was canceled to compete in WC U20... Football was considered trivial by them!"
"What about China colonizing Tibet? Russia colonizing Ukraine etc. why aren't we also anti-Mark? Also break off diplomatic relations with them...??? Don't be selective... you can hate Israel... but don't sport is the victim...the Palestinian ambassador said he supports U20"
Blame Israel why did they qualify for the U20 World Cup if they don't qualify they should be safe
"Dear Israel's U20 National Team was rejected for constitutional reasons you spoke out loud this is an incident within the country Indonesian citizens it is difficult to get a permit to build a church even though it has been guaranteed in the country's constitution what is your attitude towards the constitution"
"Yes you will pass the U20 qualifications then when are you with Israel?? Then Indonesia withdraws like that for the reason of defending Palestine?????? Think about the right thing..."
the host of the u20 world cup is argentina and now will argentina refuse to compete if they are in the same group as israel? can anyone answer?
Actually it's not just Israel's rejection right? In FIFA's letter there is an underlined case of recommendation. and w rasa fifa thinks that the government and pssi failed to handle this case and moreover the stadium was instead used for a concert which should have been maintained ahead of the u20
the israel u20 national team can't wait to see this.
"If the results at U20 are still running in Indonesia and Israel is still playing at most he says he's against or blames the government how come he let Israel come in and play defend Palestine &amp; the constitution Bung Karno etc. are basically politicians"
Indonesia didn't qualify for U20 because the governor of Bali rejected Israel (think for yourself if you say you didn't qualify for FIFA because of the governor of Bali?)
"Refusing the U20 Israel National Team for why it is constitutional but forgetting that the constitution also guarantees every citizen is free to practice their religion and beliefs greetings to the constitution"
"This person's logical thinking is strange. He said he only rejected the Israeli team but did not reject the U20 World Cup event. Even though we know the Israeli team in FIFA who will come to Indonesia is a regulation from FIFA which Indonesia cannot refuse. I am amused."
luckily it didn't become the u20 cup.. see what israel did to palestine just now could trigger anger and cause riots..
There are some of my friends who incidentally are from Palestine and were surprised why Indonesia refused the presence of the U20 Keblan Israel to play football in Indonesia..? Isn't that playing football not playing politics... I just keep quiet and finally have to be honest to say that; that's us indo.
4 reasons why the bull rejected the Israeli national team which led to Indonesia being canceled from hosting the u20 world cup.
"Essentially the heart of the pro-public still supporting it will not change even though the U20 is cancelled because in fact the strong reason for it being canceled is because the loud voices or threats from PA212 will attack the arrival of the Israeli team that's why FIFA has decided to cancel it."
"Oh the content is just CNN contact one of the MUI administrators you think the solution was MUI's official stance. Wkwk buzzer buzzer... how about next time... anyway the problem with the U20 World Cup has been resolved the place has been moved. You're still looking for opportunities to discuss more .reject israel"
"Since yesterday" I wanted to tweet about the U20 world cup but I still don't understand so I finally watched YouTube IG Twitter Tiktok. And finally I thought when I saw the comments "of netizens. Like oh yeah the cancellation of the World Cup host was because of Israel? because 2 governors didn't do you agree? the power beats the press with pssi huh"
"This is more dangerous than Israel's U20 national team poke"
"Pray for Israel to be removed from the U20 World Cup????? Why are you so stupid Mr. Koster governor of Bali? If PKS FPI HTI and other Kadrun refuse common sense can still accept this. This a governor of Bali refuses is beyond common sense too "
"Why are you afraid to answer... PDIP PKS Pan how dare you reject Israel... You're just an emerging democratic cadre... why are you afraid of being bullied by netizens? After it's over you pretend to be concerned about not becoming the U20 World Cup in this country stale"
reject Israel playing in Indonesia. suggesting the u20 world cup goes on without israel. I think FIFA can be set there steering wheel here and there
"Confiscation of assets of corruptors if many have objections that's fine but the state is obliged to take their lives Israel is allowed to take part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia on condition don't sing the national anthem and don't wave the flag."
"Yes they went away when they were given an award the case passed because of the rations they didn't just play like they were already working optimally. Also people in the management of the U20 national team are very stupid to give understanding to young players with the reasons for Israel's refusal in the end they become stupid too"
"What's amazing are these 2 people Pak GP &amp; wearing a boarding house were able to beat all FIFA member countries to stop Israel from participating in U20. And it was proven that Israel canceled participating in U20 because its soldiers fired tear gas at the Palestinian League final spectators."
This seems to be the common thread for the failure of the U20 because Israel is there.
but why was the israel u20 team rejected right?
"The difference is about the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup if it's canceled are they willing to refuse compensation?"
the signature was carried out in 2019 in preparation for security guarantees for the 2021 u20 world cup event where there was no israel national team. So in the 23rd edition of the 2023 U20 World Cup it turns out that Israel has qualified for the first time and will also attend Indonesia which will be the host.
"Are you diverting the issue? The issue in this thread is the u20 world cup merch which failed to be sold you even discussed the Palestine Cup at the Aer Mata Israeli gas where are you from? I'm a Palestinian I'm sorry but the nation itself isn't sorry"
"Have you ever felt the torment of the grave bro? This is a football problem bro why did you go to the tomb? Israel is playing in the U20 World Cup Palestine is playing in the Asia Cup. Meanwhile Indonesia bro? Is it a spectator bro?"
collapsed instantly when speaking u20 israel
2 main problems with canceling hosting the U20 World Cup: 1. Unprofessional with an agreement that has been signed. 2. those who refuse to be inconsistent and don't see the fact that a delegation from the Israeli House of Representatives came to Bali to attend last year's meeting. where do you stick to the constitution?
"So yes it's complicated so the government decided to "give up trillions of money" that had gone out to prepare for the U20 World Cup instead of having to violate the Republic of Indonesia's constitution. Yes the President said we didn't know in advance that Israel would qualify for the 2023 U20 World Cup."
So the conclusion regarding the U20 World Cup is this: actually the government can guarantee the security of the Israeli National Team in the U20 World Cup. but Indonesia submitted conditions to fifa. Israel may participate without the national anthem &amp; flag. because it turns out that this is in the details of the constitution of the Republic of Indonesia.
"9. Not because of Israel but to cover up the shame of not being able to organize the U20 World Cup Israeli politicization is used. So you still believe in not politicizing sports? Meanwhile everything is because of politics."
"7. The public. The question is why the letter was not opened to the public? Even though the letter was from FIFA to PSSI which postscript is not the authority of the president. What does the letter say it doesn't seem to be because of Israel because if it's Israel the media and the Israeli public are definitely incensed. in my opinion cancellation of the u20"
"The government is clearly involved in the politicization of sport. For the U20 World Cup there must be 6 representative football stadiums only 4 of which meet the requirements if you want to add JIS (which has been politicized) it is also still lacking 1. Get kicked out take advantage of the Israeli issue."
"""I already realized that my actions against Israel at the U20 world cup were wrong. Let me fix this for the smooth running of this World Beach Asian Game event. Sorry"" I should just say that anyway. But it's hard hahaha"
"3. then there was the use of gbk for the blackpink concert which damaged the stadium. then came the plan for the draw for the u20 world cup which is planned for the end of march. this is where a problem emerged that the government was hiding when the media started reporting that there was an israel team even though israel was in the round"
"Concerned that the U20 World Cup failed in Indonesia but also understands the reasons for canceling the 20 World Cup. The crucial point is Israel's participation in the territory of the Republic of Indonesia. The constitution and regulations in force in the Republic of Indonesia reject colonialism and reject Israel in the territory of the Republic of Indonesia in various aspects of the state "
right sir now everything is clear it's not Mr. Ganjar who refused. but the Ministry of Foreign Affairs made the u20 election fail in Indonesia. Just a little quote from the Minister of Foreign Affairs.' The Unitary State of Indonesia prohibits the flying of the Israeli flag and the sound of the Israeli state anthem in the territory of the Republic of Indonesia.
"Indeed Paklek Gandjar's domain really makes comments about Israel; so why hasn't the presidential candidate already commented so much. If Wayan Koster says it's great it's included in the realm of Koster because the U20 World Cup was held in Bali but I wonder where Paklek Gandjar's domain is how come you can say that. I think presumptuous."
Congratulations because of your behavior the hopes of young Indonesian players to appear in the U20 World Cup failed miserably... you are indeed great.
": if only Mr. GP does not refuse the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team to Indonesia for the U20 World Cup FIFA will not revoke the host or host status of Indonesia at the U20 World Cup thank you Mr. GP for being a young Garuda"
"I just found out... but really this commotion is always political. It goes viral looking for support it's the fault of the red shirt who is also heating up... yes you have to be the scapegoat. The world cup is cancelled‼ go bloox!! - palestine/ israel - ball- u20 - arya s... via"
"Well... I want to ask those who shouted yesterday against the Israeli U20 team because ""not in accordance with the constitution"" is this in accordance with the constitution?"
"Ganjar and Koster. Both; 1. Governor. 2. PDIP. 3. Refuse the Israeli team to compete in Indonesia. The public was shocked because FIFA canceled Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup. Why is there a PDIP apologetic statement? Let the public judge and decide because the public must be smart!"
if this is still the principle? violate your regulations. refuse only in the u20 wc? In other sports Israeli athletes often compete in Indonesia and even in Bali why do you only shout about football? less exposure for capers?
Indonesia's cancellation as host for the U20 World Cup was not related to the widespread rejection of the arrival of the Israeli national team in Indonesia but because of other things. so don't be between fellow nation's children blaming each other &amp; prolonged debate. understand the policies of fifa
"Yesterday FIFA canceled Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup on the grounds of the nomination tragedy. Now with a similar or nearly the same tragedy does FIFA also dare to sanction Israel???"
"There must be an attitude that is more extreme than various layoffs including you. If the government allows an Israeli football team to compete in the U20s you are just waiting for the other players to kick the ball first to see the audience's reaction."
"Regarding the U20 World Cup President: Don't mix sports with politics. President Joko Widodo emphasized that the participation of the Israeli national team in the sporting event has nothing to do with the consistency of Indonesia's foreign policy position towards Palestine. April fools"
"Not terrorism this is an act of revenge. Reply to those of you who rejected Israel's u20. There are former Persib players there"
Those who reject Israel have valid arguments
"When kadrun nasdrun opposition parties mass organizations rejected Israel in the u20 world cup I didn't care because I was sure that Jokowi would continue. ngono?
"There should have been an article before the U20 MoU was signed which stipulates that if there is a unilateral cancellation you have to compensate both material and immaterial losses so that FIFA doesn't taste as good as udel this event was caused by a small number of people who refused the arrival of the Israeli national team"
"You don't need to disclose the U-20 cancellation letter has been spread in the media. All you need is honesty as to why the U-20 was later canceled in Indonesia. What is certain is not because of Israel and what is certain is that something is wrong that is more crucial so that FIFA takes action"
they have to create drama so that people don't have time to think clearly and find the real reason FIFA revoked Indonesia's hosting status at the U20 World Cup which can clearly be seen in Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 3/2019 which strictly prohibits Israel from raising the flag and singing the national anthem
or waiting for FIFA to build 8 stadiums in IKN while the cancellation of U20 is a matter of FIFA's feelings due to Indonesia's unpreparedness to hold the U20 event because it is said that Israel's participation is still being discussed by FIFA and has not been decided
Israeli journalist reveals Indonesia's losses after being removed from hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup
"If you dare don't be with the children of Israel's U20 National Team try challenging the soldiers who torture Palestinians. Take a duel like that.."
"It's better to watch jebret listen to coach Justin talk he said that the October incident was FIFA intending to help Indonesian football when the incident occurred not because of the tragedy FIFA's suggestion canceled Pildun-U20 in Indonesia yes because of Israel's rejection"
was attacked because one of the reasons was a former Persib player. why does the beard burn? Israel will retaliate because of the clan's behavior in rejecting Israel at U20. Isn't it logical to reply back? Don't get associated with religion anymore.
"Some people reject the Israeli national team at U20 normally as a form of solidarity. The government will not 'submit' to those who refuse. If you really want to defend Palestine the right way is through direct political (diplomacy) channels between Indonesia and Israel. or combat war which If you lose you have to give up."
"In the past the football mafia was failed by the champion now U20 wants to compete Indonesia U20 vs Israel was failed by people" "it's in my own interest..."
"Breaking news if this news is true then I'm guessing: Israel is banded by FIFA WC U20 without Israel then PSSI asks to return to host WC U20 the U20 squad which has been disbanded is called again Starling traders are starting to tour again.."
"If for example the U20 World Cup happens the narrative becomes ""criticizing the government for allowing Israel to attend".
"We'll see how far FIFA's consistency goes yesterday the U20 World Cup was canceled by bringing up the recommendation issue they didn't dare to bring up the issue of Israel's rejection as FIFA rejected Russia. Now a similar recommendation has happened. Double standards again?"
"It's a joke it's just a PDIP scheme. The governor of Central Java ordered him to refuse and those who support the Israeli national team to play at U20."
saudi arabia's flag is aza reluctant to be near israel... how come u20 boys make weird comments!
"When Kadrun Nasdrun the Opposition Party rejected Israel in the U20 World Cup I didn't care because I was sure that Jokowi would continue. When PDIP Koster Ganjar joined in rejecting Israel even though part of the government had made a commitment there was betrayal stabbing jokowi from behind. jahap."
"u20 world cup israel asu"
"Try asking the people who yesterday refused to allow Israel to play in Ina then the impact was that the country was canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup with FIFA sad or not? How far has our football in the eyes of the world gone? Don't you think instead of controlling FIFA think about it? ."
": if I Pak and Pak I Wayan Koster do not openly say that they reject the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team to Indonesia & can put aside their selfishness maybe FIFA will not revoke Indonesia as host for the U20 World Cup"
there are several phk who ask... aren't there many groups that reject the israel u20 team... not just pdip... but why are so many attacked and blamed only pdip?? for me it's a silly question !!! not necessarily a lot of layoffs are directed at him as a result because of the causal factor
do you already know this yet?
European countries deliberately did not qualify for Israel because they knew that hosting the U20 WC in Indonesia would be a drama if Israel was present. I don't know because I made it up
one of the facts is that Israel still colonized Palestine and acted arbitrarily. fifa harua banded israel at u20
"The venue isn't that standard for U20. If security is yes the security of the Israeli team is questionable. Can the state guarantee that the Israeli team is safe from terror FIFA might doubt it. Because if you pull it back Indonesia is indeed one of the countries where bomb tragedies often occur"
"It's okay you have failed to present the U-20 Israel football team in Indonesia and Indonesia's failure to host the U-20... Palestine is only for smart people you don't understand anything"
What happens if the Indonesian U20 national team competes with the Israeli national team?
Indonesia's own mistake fifa strike out pdu-20 2023 already know israel is part of the u20 why wasn't it discussed before it's like ignorance
"Look don't blame Mr. GP for rejecting the Israeli team but domestic security issues FIFA considerations canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia...."
in the context of rejecting Israel and the failure of the u20 world cup in Indonesia which has been prepared and awaited as the pride of the Indonesian nation yes yes...same with kadrun...I am an admirer and supporter of him before the rejection and failure of the u20 world cup
Yes if it is disclosed it will be increasingly known that the main root perhaps what is in the spotlight of FIFA is the tragedy of the right. Not the rejection of the Israeli national team. It's embarrassing when it's framing that the cancellation was due to rejection of Israel even though the U20 National Team has already made Vita Black
"Don't deny it too ah don't you want to admit that there is conflict in Israel-Palestine? Violence is like routine & the Palestinians who are often the victims are disappointed that the WC U20 event failed because of Israeli issues that's okay but don't negate the facts about Israeli violence
"That's right anyway thank you Persita fans for encouraging and reminding me again that justice has not been upheld in this tragedy I hope that everything will become noisy again about demanding justice not demanding that FIFA strike Israel at WC U20. Far pffttt"
"it's true it's true it's because the Israeli team qualified... finally Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup 2023. I'm sorry... it's not the fault of a b or mbok"
What happens if the Indonesian U20 national team competes with the Israeli national team?
Try to observe broo accepting the Israeli U20 national team was rewarded with blasphemy by the HBS on the other side. rejecting the israel u20 national team reward is also blasphemed by hbs. but what's strange is that formerly the fans of the opposite camp refused now all the facts are distorted. we must pay close attention to this.
why are you so cynical with the children of the national team why are you people? It's like KPI's rejection of Israel yesterday was not because of Israel but because they didn't like the U20 National Team kids
the coalition to change the content
"The sports minister was elected o/ the president [political position from the presidential election] ° Some people protested against the Israeli national team in the WC-U20. That's normal it happens often the government will not bow to the protesters. Failed to become host for security reasons mbel gedheslah g20 is safe."
"the u20 world cup is the right moment to make this country cheos that's what we've been waiting for""radicals with Israeli reasons"
"The U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia because of regulations read Permenlu No. 3/2019 in the current chapter it clearly states that if the Israeli delegation is present then they are not allowed to raise the flag and sing the national anthem that's really not possible right? Maybe this is what the government is negotiating but rejected by fifa
Israeli journalists highlight Indonesia's loss after canceling its bid to host the 2023 U20 World Cup
I am disappointed with Mr. Ganjar for the rejection of the U20 Israel National Team but I will be more disappointed if I don't choose Mr. Ganjar in 2024.
"There is a Korean drama arranged by FIFA sitting together. Seeing 1001 possibilities for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia the hosts for Indonesia are America Iraq and Israel..... well that's it..."
"The feeling of going to university majoring in civics for 4 years is how come by accepting the Israeli u20 national team there is a constitution that has been violated which constitution do you mean?"
"""fifa paralon crosses u20 Indonesia.. may this country freeze the assets of Israeli affiliated companies"""
"But if you can don't put forward it through PDIP because it was one of those who rejected the Israeli national team so the U20 World Cup was cancelled."
so too much blame fifa. all of us introspection. if Indonesian football games were safe maybe Israel would be banned from attending too.. the u20 world cup could still go on ahy I hope to become president in 2024 so that young souls pervade the souls of young national team players amen
"If our police are unable to control the supporters then with a heavy heart all of us and the children of the U20 national team must accept the fact that we are indeed not ready to host such a big event especially football. Don't talk about the presence or absence of the Israeli team."
"green carpet for Israel legitimacy for Palestinian oppression."
"Indeed there have been many times... for example the problem regarding the U20 some have invited debate on the UUD45 & Constitution regarding Israel... so I'm skat... Indonesia has nothing to do with Israel but Indonesia imports weapons for Israel through 3rd parties... then the language of the zoo came out because they lost the debate"
"Ganjar Pranowo is finished... Indonesia knows how much quality and intellectual he is.... Millions of people are angry and disappointed at Ganjar for participating in rejecting the arrival of the Israeli Zionist football team which led to Indonesia's expulsion as U20 host"
Is it a problem for the Israeli team Alan to borrow U20 in this case?
"What was wrong was that Israel won so they qualified for the U20 Cup"
"Come on PSSI & the Republic of Indonesia sir demand that FIFA be fair give sanctions to Israel and at the same time ask for U20 rights to return this is the right opportunity"
"Indeed it was not the intention from the start the results of Israel's drama have been decided to enter the U20 World Cup since July 2022 why are you only getting excited now? 6 months have passed what are the concrete prospects for submitting to FIFA as a commitment as a host? Hopefully sanctions don't hit junior high school players abroad"
"we didn't discuss the past we discussed your proposal bro tryout with the team"" u20 without israel because anything can happen regarding security (riot or calm)"
until here understand? why israel rejected u20 in indo??
"Awry the u20 world cup is being held there must be Israel. Then the kadrun goes berserk. Blames the government. The demonstration is complicated. Yes the decision is aborted. Shame for goodness sake. Surrender is not defeat"
"What is the definition of radicalism what difference does it make when in sports we reject the Israeli team competing in the U20 World Cup in our country?"
If the kanjuruhan tragedy is the reason for canceling Indonesia's hosting of the U20 World Cup then the Israel National Team must be disqualified from the U20 World Cup.
hope israel wins wc u20.......!!! Let the goiter who rejects Israel become more and more.....
"I can take part in the U20 world cup because of the giveaway want to talk about defeating the Israeli national team can you win against Persib Bandung or not"
annoyed and confused why PDIP is following along with the hordes of kadrun &amp; pea 212 yaaa join in voicing anti israel football team. clearly kadrun and pea 212 aim to thwart the u20 world cup in indo.
"How is it possible for an Israeli group to play in Singapore. Ask to play at the Singapore cage of course they'll ask them to host their spy instead of Indonesia playing at U20. Hello be a little smart. Which country would like your suggestion."
"This is what they call the constitution we are considered not to understand the constitution if we support the U20 Israeli national team to successfully organize a con in Bali as chairman of the Indonesian parliament his mother makes him proud even though the Israeli flag flies at the con understand ora.."
"only the opinion of several figures rejecting the Israeli national team FIFA immediately canceled Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup. Then Israel carried out the attack on the Palestinian football match FIFA should have dared to exclude the Israeli national team from participating in the U20 World Cup"
"| maybe | if... if... for example... etc the reason for Israel's refusal in the U20 football draw is because of the Regulation of Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 3 of 2019..... are you emotional or not??.."
"Only the opinion of several figures rejecting the Israeli national team FIFA immediately canceled Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup. Then Israel carried out the attack on the Palestinian football match does FIFA dare to cross out the Israeli national team from participating in the U20 World Cup?"
with so many rejections of the arrival of the israel national team by mass organizations in indonesia and mui also stating their stance the u20 world cup cannot be held in indonesia because it is prone to large-scale demonstrations
it is certain that if this disappointment continues then there may be a decrease in the electability of figures or parties that refuse the israel team to compete which causes the cancellation of the u20 world cup but not too big
"Russia was kicked out of the U20 World Cup by FIFA for attacking Ukraine but Fifia ordered Israel to follow the U20 World Cup which in fact Israel has also attacked Palestine until now."
"If Bali accepts the U20 World Cup soccer match with the participation of Israel maybe for them it is tantamount to repeating the Bali bombing incident which claimed many victims from all groups of people in the world who are in its territory. Especially in areas where Muslim fanatics!"
Mr. Governor deliberately rejected Israel so that Garnacho could play the U20 world cup? Wahyudi conspiracy again!
someone is praying that Israel will be removed from the u20 world cup...this person is a really stupid son of a bitch...how come he can be a governor huh.
The problem is not real sports but politics and the Constitution. if Israel does not pass the u20 pindun quickly indon with lncr becomes the host of the u20.brhub Israeli pindun it will automatically enter into political affairs. so here the pros and cons must understand each other.
what is certain is that the israel team will continue to play in the u20 cup while the indonesian team is trash.
eko kunthadi mingkem cep klakep problem gp refused the arrival of the Israeli u20 national team
"Mum didn't want to use the U20 wc... and created an anti-Israel issue so that the wc failed you can use it later... at first FIFA didn't have any influence on this problem until finally Koster made a narrative ""traumatized by the Legian Bomb"" until finally FIFA shrank .. even though terrorists in Indonesia are cupu. can never fight against the police"
Wait for the cc besides the next U20 event there are lots of events and Israel is a member one of which is that if there are Israeli smells you have to stop using commas.
"Regardless of whether it was an order or not the governors who opposed the Israeli national team at U20 had no legitimacy."
the whisper of the u20 world cup is still in indonesia from israel playing in singapore
"If you read point a the basic principle where the implementation of the U20 world cup has been approved by the government then of course the governors who rejected the Israeli team have no legitimacy to speak out against the arrival of the Israeli team. Everything has been answered by the government which has approved the u20 event here ."
"The news that the U20 World Cup is still in Indonesia as long as Israel is playing in Singapore"
"After seeing coach Justin's opinion about the rejection of the Israeli national team I thought it was true that Indonesia had canceled being the WC U20 host the reason being if the Israeli national team continued to compete here and suddenly there was another terrorist incident"
"he said the U20 world cup will still be in Indonesia but Israel will play in Singapore"
"Israel who refused was only Indonesia in the U20 World Cup? Are you sane? Unless the majority of votes want Israel to leave then it can be realized. After all what strong considerations do Indonesia have for Israel not to participate? No right? Yes you don't need to talk a lot about Russia blah blah blah"
what is certain is that the israel team will continue to play in the u20 cup while the indonesian team is trash
Is there any advantage for Indonesia to reject the Israeli national team and succeed in canceling the U20 World Cup? what exists is only detrimental to the state &amp; public. Are the Palestinian people happy?
"The discriminatory one who refuses Israel to enter Indonesia to take part in the U20 World Cup not FIFA the cuttlefish's brain wears a Palestinian flag hat"
"It's even funnier and stupid as well as U20 staying in the Republic of Indonesia but Israel is playing alone and there are no opponents in America that's stupid isn't it?"
Until now the reason for the failure of the Israeli team to play in Indonesia is still confusing for sure the Israeli team will continue to play in the U20 cup while the Indonesian team is trash.
haerul amri hopes that all parties can refrain from the polemic that continues to arise about the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup
Do you know that the U20 World Cup Israel participates in Indonesia supported by Palestine?
pdip is kadrun..because it is very hard to reject israel &amp; proven successful &amp; As a result Indonesia was immediately crossed out by FIFA as the host for the U20 World Cup in May... it has been replaced by Argentina... so PDIP has changed itself from Cebong to Kadrun OK?
"Israel passed the U20 World Cup qualification route are prohibited from participating. Those who forbid shouting even though they passed the official qualifying route it's not like it says.... giveaway"
"This should be my tweet tomorrow or the day after but because I got the info that the U20 national team was disbanded today so I'm posting it now. Suggest to Mr. and Mas Wali to make the national team a sparring partner for teams that will compete at U20 (minus Israel). "
"It's also not important that Israel's refusal to play in Indonesia has had an effect on their colonial actions on Palestinians what's important is that the position of rejecting Israel is clear according to our constitution we are Indonesian citizens and the cancelation of WC - U20 being held in Indonesia is already an extraordinary achievement"
"Why were the negotiations only being carried out at the end of the day before the U20 World Cup even though the government said that Israel had passed since July 2022 if the negotiations were carried out from the start there would be no need for national team player disappointment and material losses to prepare the venue for the match"
"It's natural to be disappointed but they have to know that we really don't deserve to be the host of a World Cup-caliber event even though it's u20... but if you want to be safe FIFA knows that... and prove your ability pass the new qualifications quality will be found"
"I'm surprised Cel Tadpole is still making a fuss about the U20 World Cup. It's like Indonesia will melt down if Israel rejects it. It's better to have 341t together..."
"After reading the Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 3/2019 I understand what is meant by negotiation with FIFA according to the Minister of Foreign Affairs if the U20 World Cup is in Indo then Israel is not allowed to raise the flag & sing the national anthem that's not really possible right? world because of the failure of the pmrnth negotiations"
"One question for you are you among those who accept or reject the presence of the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup? Waiting for your supporters to answer."
"Comparing what happened at the President's Cup at that time to the U20 World Cup at this time means... trying to give the same picture as Israel where did I go wrong... Israel is angry with Indonesia because it was banned from attending also not angry compare it!"
"The failure of the U20 World Cup was not due to the rejection of the Israeli national team a journal and football observer stated that the venues in our country were not yet suitable for election after FIFA checked all the stadiums so don't blame Mr. Ganjar he managed to convey his principles."
"Please help sir those who refuse the Israeli U20 National Team to play in Indonesia ask to apologize publicly to Indonesian football stake holders apologize to: 1. U20 national team players; 2. PSSI come to the PSSI office if you are gentle don't just talk on social media doank; 3. umkm; 4. hotel; 5. society ind"
I should have made a fuss about Israel's participation when I submitted the proposal to host... so I didn't spend hundreds of billions of thoughts and money preparing to host the U20 World Cup... you're so shallow takiye !!
"Don't be annoyed that Indonesia won't become a landlord in 2023 U20 it's better to do a self-evaluation first. The tragedy that has claimed hundreds of lives is the suspect's doors and stairs especially if there is a riot because someone rejects Israel lest you accuse the Saudi king or the US ATS your foolishness."
"wooooee banguuunn... banguuunnn don't get upset woooeee... Indonesia was appointed to host the You 20 World Cup in October 2019 I didn't know that Israel in July 2022 passed the selection.. what proud is the National Team for participating in the U20 World Cup only because it is the host isn't it? of achievement through selection.."
"Naive/innocent isn't the right word I don't agree. They politicize sport that doesn't mean we can join in. If it weren't for the bomb tragedy and the regional head's blunder U20 could have continued. After all Israeli athletes have gone back and forth without making a fuss"
"Don't pretend that an angel is Fifa... hypocrite face... double standard defending Israel = defending the invaders and your U20 children cry for the dream of the world cup millions of Palestinian children cry for their families every day they die"
Be patient Shin Tae Yong. Konoha like this is never right.
"It's impossible for a governor to suddenly back out of an agreement because one was requested from the party two were threats related to the Israeli team that qualified of course another solution was thought of if the u20 committee wants to move it's fine the audience here isn't mature enough to watch football it's scary "
"It was said that Israel was only refusing because the reason was really naive then added scary narratives after WC U20 was cancelled they said Indonesia would be banned then the bald coach got involved in anti-Semitism because many world leaders were Jewish people... wow"
"Indeed go block cannot differentiate between 0.8 and 0.08. The cheating event in Bali was attended by Israeli parliamentarians & the Israeli flag flew children under 20 years old protested when they wanted to play football did they go block or not? Fifa doesn't really need a country in this world countries that need fifa just like Russia it's banned"
it is written that israel's participation in u20 is still undecided but ~ fifa doubts that indonesia will not be ready based on field trips ~ current circumstances one of the factors behind the elimination of the u20 world cup in indonesia
well...the results were uncovered...everything was PSSI's actions...it turns out that the government has its own rules regarding Israel. There is a possibility that Indonesia will resign...if Israel participates in competing in the U20 World Cup...then Indonesia itself is violating the rules his..
"Oh but it's better not to comment sir.. because the cancellation of hosting was not solely due to Israel's rejection but the accumulation of many factors. That's why there is no Israeli word in the release of Indonesia's revocation as host for the U20 World Cup"
"If the unpopular parties are all looking for safety and washing hands the cadres are sacrificed even though since July 2022 they already know Israel has passed the u20 qualification at the protests near the final seconds"
"It turns out that it's been a long time since FIFA has appointed Peru to be the host at U20 &amp; PSSI has been notified but PSSI has kept it secret only PDIP has been notified it's only fitting that the Indonesian governors from the party will reject the Israeli team's arrival! Just a gimmick guys!"
"Dear wife of the Governor of Bali Coach Justin gave a sharp answer about the reason why Indonesia was canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup! | Bambang Pacul was shocked by Israel Ria SW Tokyo Dome Magda Mr. Bondan Nex Carlos Saturday night"
the affairs of the israel football team.. the more noisy the more ok uncle gp is moving with the permission of superiors..no water warning from top to bottom.. issue to issue
"briking nyus: not israel not also kanjuruhan which is the cause of the failure of Wakanda to host the u20 - 2023 world cup but because fifa has objections to the trophy and prizes for the champions that will be brought from fifa's headquarters to Wakanda subject to import duty tax of 4 million with his friends rat ."
"Even Caucasians really understand Israel's atrocities. Meanwhile children under 20 apart from practicing football at most eat pretty content every break so they don't know what the news is about the suffering of the Palestinian people."
"Qatar has put forward FIFA's conditions to respect their constitution which prohibits LGBT &amp; alcohol FIFA is obliging. The problem with Israel is that FIFA actually complies so that when Israel advances the match will be outside the Republic of Indonesia. So the reason for Indonesia's revocation as host U20 is not a question. Yekaaam"
Israel was branded as the cause of the cancellation of Indonesia from hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup where all magda were very bi fast
"Wow go straight to the kyai if it's perpendicular in August there will be a beach world game in Bali and Israel will take part voice your refusal to hold the event too don't just do the U20 world cup... if you and Koster just keep quiet and it's still going on it means double standards "
"Mamat's steps on the Sport 77 podcast and you are now the most logical and reasonable. So our country has double standards for Israel your candy about Israel yes maybe this is the basis for FIFA canceling the U20 World Cup."
I just know that holding WC u20 is the same as supporting the attack of Israel and just knowing that holding WC u20 will cause casualties buzzer oh buzzer talking about the loss of 1t.
"Yesterday we had the opportunity to negotiate with Israel for permission to enter Indonesia's U-20. Ask the country to pause while the U-20 lasts not negotiating with FIFA."
Dear Mr President. 1. Father who has fought hard for the pride of Indonesia through the U20 World Cup. During the bidding we all know that Israel as a FIFA member can qualify. how come we didn't make a sound during the bidding of the 2 governors? how come at the last minute it seems like it's tripping? proper?
"Really agree I'm also very disappointed that the failure of the U20 match was canceled in Indonesia but maybe that's for the best. It could be that there is a move that will mess up the event which might bring big casualties what if Israel plays against Indonesia and win we fail continue?"
"The U20 National Team was affected by the karma received by PSSI & the government which was unfair to the victims of the election not because of Israel's rejection the proof is that Qatar can still hold the World Cup without rejecting Israel."
"It's the government that made the political decision not to have diplomatic relations with Israel. The government that applied to host the U20 Pilsun election. If it's canceled now who's the fool???"
"I'm still wondering until now is the attitude of refusing the Israeli football national team to play in Indonesia a personal attitude sir or an instruction from mother. And are you aware that if you force a team that has already qualified for the U20 World Cup to face FIFA and are you aware of the consequences?"
"Now this is true sir but please don't associate it with the constitution sir because last year the Israeli parliament came to Bali and was well received with the flag too please also meet the former U20 national team athletes apologize to them... .have a good break sir"
"Apart from Israel's problems the main problem is FIFA revoking Indonesia as the host for the 2023 U-20 World Cup because there is no security guarantee from IDN related to the Kanjuran incident which resulted in 34 supporters dying due to tear gas by security officers."
"That's the opposition whose content is making noise for the country itself even though if they don't it will definitely be implemented so who should be blamed we the government don't expect Israel to enter because we are said to be worthy of FIFA but the issue of being shouted at that's the initial fire. Don't blame the government they should be the ones answer"
"I agree that they are tacky disappointed not to appear in the pied while sneering at the pain of the Palestinian people who were colonized by Israel. Even though they (the u20 national team) entered the world cup instantly by being the host teach them to fight to beat other teams so they know the true meaning of independence"
The main reason why FIFA refused to become the U20 World Cup event was because of the tragedy that took 130 lives and unclear accountability. turns out to be a blunder...
"From the beginning the countries of the world knew that Indonesia was against Israel...still other countries have relations with Indonesia how come because of WC U20 they became enemies... there are many people from countries in the world who are against Israel... it's all about interests it's surprising that many people want to be scared by the garden buzzer."
"You understand the Indonesian president pretends to bring Israel as a reason for refusing the U20 World Cup to cover up the real reason because the JIS stadium which should be world-level is only at the sub-district level the funds have been corrupted."
Sir you rejected Israel during the last minute drawing why didn't you start with the football problem which you harmed other economic sectors in preparation for the U20 World Cup and while holding your breath you still say this is attitude..?
"cancelled because of Jokowi's speech ""... I guarantee the participation of the israel national team..."" even if the president said: the u20 world cup is in Indonesia the israel national team can play outside of nkri or out of the playoffs maybe fifa makes more sense"
"Apart from Israel's problems the main problem is FIFA revoking Indonesia as the host for the 2023 U-20 World Cup because there is no security guarantee from IDN related to the Kanjuran incident which resulted in 34 supporters dying due to tear gas by security officers."
"But the Israeli team is still playing right bro in fact Indonesia was removed from hosting the U20 World Cup"
"Let's just say that Hasto doesn't do well to become a minister in Indonesia so he wants to be a minister for Palestine so without using reason he is aggressively propagating stupidity to reject the Israeli U20 football team which maybe doesn't know what politics is.."
what is being rejected by the israel u20 football team failing to play in pildun?
government signature before the israel team qualify for the u20 world cup
talk about low literacy of all... there is no reason fifa canceled the u20 world cup in indonesia esia because of israel's rejection..... the give away route is not good bro..... don't have to be mentally begging like that... it's not good
canceled because israel qualified for the u20 world cup….
with this incident is it possible for fifa to cross out israel from the u20 world cup..?
"Despite the struggles of friends to reject the Israeli U20 National Team even though it is clear that what has been considered for cancellation is the rejection by the regional heads of the Provinces of Bali and Central Java who incidentally are representatives of the Monyong Putih cadres... the president and his staff really care about our voices. Your own analysis"
Does that mean the U20 World Cup will still take place in Indonesia without Israel? this is fifa not a pipe bro
"And the concrete reason is that of the 6 stadiums submitted by PSSI only 2 stadiums have passed FIFA. That is the reason why the U20 Word Cup was cancelled. The government and PSSI are frying as if the cancellation of the match with Israel is the main reason for canceling the Word Cup."
Haerul Amri hopes that all parties will exercise restraint regarding the polemic over the presence of the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup event
"I can't stop thinking about it Israel has been away for a long time why did you come out with a statement close to the event P.Jokowi expected to be the host how come he made a statement about FIFA's intervention at will. If my mix is ​​Phm it's you who is hard to endorse P.Jokowi. Dare meet u20 national team? lobby there fifa"
"What picture is this is it true that Israel refused to take part in the U20 World Cup"
"Unity is a bitter medicine it is unimaginable what will happen if we unite in the 2024 presidential election which was started by Israel rejecting the U20 World Cup as an excuse to stop the fight between volunteers vs Yemeni immigrant supporters HTI groups FPI terrorist convicts for the sake of"
which is clear because of a blunder that did not expect the Israeli national team to qualify for the u20 pidun.
It wasn't yesterday that you refused the Israeli team to go to Indonesia now you are pretending to be concerned that the U20 World Cup is cancelled
"What is clear is that everyone is blundering who did not expect the Israeli national team to qualify for the u20 pidun."
the principle of humanity is the reason for reward for rejecting the presence of the israel u20 national team.
jokowi opened his voice about the reward pranowo &amp; Koster rejects the U20 Israel National Team
pray that Israel will be crossed out by FIFA from the u20 world cup...stupid thinking stupid idiot...how come a person like this can become governor?
"Not only in Indonesia why is Ganjar Pranowo also called by the Israeli media regarding Indonesia's cancellation of hosting the U20 World Cup"
the u20 national team was officially disbanded because the u20 world cup was cancelled. thank you for the double standard by messing up football while the other sporting event is safe... even though there is Israel too. Thank You
feeling since the u20 world cup was cancelled. arrived” many israel supporters appeared on social media
"I do not agree with this result because Israel passed the qualification and has the right to play in the U20 World Cup. But my point is not that but most of the comments have actually lost public empathy."
"Please sir explain right away! So that you (my) supporters are not curious and get confusing news. Why is it that you are impressed that you are suddenly rejecting Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup? Don't explain people from your party sir! Thanks. Greetings."
Uncle Koster claims that Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup threatens security in Bali but the police say it's safe... the police find no threat in the form of the rule of law
"Hey stupid Dayat! You turned down the Israeli team that made it to the u20 isn't that discriminatory?"
Crows can definitely beat Israel 10-0 Israel qualified based on their achievements so that they can appear in the U20 World Cup. Indonesia can appear because being the host is not the quality of the football.
"I'm not disappointed that the U20 world cup has been cancelled but the reason for this hasto is about Israel's attitude. We already know Israel is participating in the qualification and the possibility of entering the open world cup competition if it wins. Why not reject Israel's participation from the start or reject it?"
"How come it's all like a chorus. First they rejected the Israeli national team after that it was the U20 which failed because the government was not maximal & now it's about black tape"
no such thing? Big accounts attack U20 children not those who reject Israel. they claim to have violated the advice. you 20 players who did nothing wrong were attacked. where do you say it's right? which at the time the appointment occurred the u20 players weren't there. and u20 players are busy training.
"Why do you always fail to understand he said he was smart you can't distinguish between rejecting the Israeli national team and rejecting WC-U20..."
"The u20 world cup is different from the g20 if the g20 cmn is held for 3 days if the world cup is definitely there 1 month you know yourself the behavior of the radical gangs israel has not had their demonstration yet please if israel plays in indonesia ‼ that is the reason for fifa namely security still don't know too‼"
"Football is a sport fair play and not discriminatory we agree that colonialism will be abolished but this is not the way to do it we reject it in Indonesia the Israeli football team continues to play in the U20 World Cup while Indonesia's opportunity to become the host is removed"
at least this is the same if the u20 world cup goes on because only athletes not soldiers or israeli zionists are playing.
"Because of the rejection of the Israeli national team as a result Kri was canceled as the u20 host. Rp. billion for preparation estimated revenue of billions / trillions from the event but cancelled.! Politics has been done to harm the people!"
"Gibran's stabbing reply to fx Rudy accused of not understanding the constitution regarding Israel at the U20 World Cup: fx Rudy previously said Gibran did not understand the constitution because he had a different attitude towards Israel at the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup."
"Rejection of the reward for the U20 Israel has no impact on the electability of the reward it could even skyrocket"
refuse refuse the u20 world cup has also been canceled reject the ball but Israeli products are still used Israeli exports are still accepted stupidly where your brains refuse Israel to boycott its products and cancel trade to Israel if you dare then the name will be rejected
"If it happens that Indonesia rejects Israel it continues to be thwarted to host the U20 World Cup it's clear that FIFA is pro Israel... FIFA officials should be from Indonesia."
"Why don't you wear a jersey that's angry u20. can't be playing in Indonesia... where the Indonesian people reject u20... because of Israel."
Try to discuss from an economic point of view the failed U20 World Cup while inviting noisy humans to reject the Israeli children yesterday.
He's a crazy person who doesn't like Israel he's cooking for FIFA who wants to scratch Israel the governor is smart but Israel's stupid is not the same as FIFA why do you want to scratch it? scratch your faces who criticize israel to shame indonesia in canceling the organization of the u20 world cup
"You really don't question anything also the problem of the arrival of the Israeli u20 team because you just want to ""fish in the murky water".
"the refusal of the israel national team to play in indonesia many supporters of the u20 national team have blasphemed ... they say don't get involved - link religion and football"
"Supporting the U20 World Cup & complying with the 1945 Constitution by lobbying FIFA on the technical issues of Israel's matches. Thank God if FIFA crosses Israel out as they did to Russia at the Qatar World Cup yesterday. But in fact now it's been cancelled and we busy arguing
"This is related to Israel's participation in the event. Israel's presence in Indonesia will later cause cases &amp; rejection by many people. So we come to doubts between fully supporting the U20 World Cup for the sake of our pride in Indonesian football and"
What if the awarding of the U20 World Cup to Indonesia and then being canceled is a FIFA scenario as a step to erode our concern for Palestine and slowly recognize Israel's sovereignty and existence?
"hahaha the refusal doesn't benefit Palestine it doesn't harm Israel because Israel is still playing at U20. What's left is Indonesia.."
"Why are you still looking for mistakes for a player whose mentality is already down because of not being able to play in the U20 World Cup? The first mistake was not from him but Israel's rejection."
"This hasn't been affected by FIFA U20 (until March 19) as far as I'm concerned it will definitely have an effect from: 1. football fans 2. people who want Indonesia to get out of its shell in responding to Israel-Palestine"
"Is the Israeli National Team the same fate as the Indonesian U20 National Team?"
"Guess what FIFA's intention is to mention the tragedy of the election and not the issue of the demonstration against Israel in the cancellation letter for Indonesia to host Pildul U20."
"If you feel disturbed by the U20 National Team why don't you help in Palestine this is Indonesia not Palestine because Indonesia is advanced not a Pleasure country what are your results that support Israel's refusal to play in Indonesia what have you helped the national team don't just go broke "
"If U20 is actually held in Indonesia it will be terrible because there will be a massacre of the Israeli national team the victims can be thousands because of the ISIS HTI terrorist attack not only tear gas grenades and bombs could be used"
it shouldn't be canceled if the PSSI negotiator can influence FIFA because the goals can be like this: the u20 world cup in Indonesia and the israel national team can play outside the republic or get out of the play off if they refuse if the negotiator is not a drama artist or a flower maker
"In the past only Pak Anies was accused of cadrun now many are suddenly kadrun to cover up their unpreparedness to hold the U20 world cup the stadium that was promised 6 isn't ready yet time is running out Israel is the reason"
We have to blame PKS and mass organizations for rejecting U20 sir... they don't know that Palestine is Israel's national team coach
is israel worth defending‼
"It shouldn't be a loss if the PSSI negotiator can influence FIFA because the goal should be like this at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia the Israeli national team can play outside the Republic of Indonesia or get out of the playoffs if they refuse if the negotiator is not a drama artist or a flower maker"
don't get me wrong... pks has never refused u20 they as isis agents actually have an agenda to attack the israel national team
"There is a pks agenda for Isis agents to attack the Israeli national team so the cancellation of the U20 made them disappointed."
**It turned out that the U20 was canceled because the proposed case had not been resolved.* FIFA did not question the Israeli national team's rejection. they fried the pks and blamed anti-israel society but they hid a big case. nkri people get pranked...
Let's just admit that this rejection was only crowded when the U20 World Cup. Yesterday I was sleeping wasn't it... it was quiet and there were people and Israeli athletes entering Indo. let's face it it's a double standard
"Exactly because the goal should be able to make FIFA release a decision like this bro: Indonesia is still the host of the U20 World Cup the Israeli national team can play outside the Republic of Indonesia or get out of the play-offs if you refuse if the negotiator is not a drama maker and a flower maker"
"Koster's imagination and reward for the ashes of the presence of the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup in the end we failed. Come on Erik Tohir will fight for Indonesian football...."
"Try to ask those who feel they are masters in the Republic of Indonesia tricked into inviting the Israeli parliament why are you silent? Then why invite the Israeli u20 football team? It's a big sin for the Republic of Indonesia & your grave in 2024"
It turns out that U20 was canceled because the recommendation case had not been resolved. FIFA does not question the Israeli national team's rejection. they fried the pks and blamed anti-israel society but they hid a big case. nkri people get pranked...
"parrot if the u20 world cup were held in Indonesia surely this person would criticize the government because of the israel team"
75% for kadrun 25% for tadpoles... they are in a coalition to reject Israel U20
"In the context of football especially the open rejection of the Israeli U20 team it has clearly taken a position of agreement with the cadets. It's no wonder Pak is disappointed & young people appear to dare to go against the grain"
"It's not like that sir because the Israeli national team has confirmed one ticket in the U20 Pilgunate since June 2022 and the board in January 2023 has already approved the U20 World Cup why at the time of the group draw in Bali did the mother's men refuse to do so. funny"
"World Cup U20 Group A: Indonesia Israel the Netherlands Japan. The Indonesian national team is the bottom line... the national team is finished and the whole country is insulting..."
"Well this is the reason Arun is right. I took the bidding as the reason for the limitations of the tweet character. Obviously this is Indo's fault yes apart from the lack of detailed preparation these rules also make us (as if) surprised if Israel turns out to be a contestant on U20 which eventually became a public polemic."
Israel once dissolved the sports committee to terrorize Palestinian athletes
just grave... I'm so doubtful that I can think correctly or just parrot about the Israeli team and the U20 World Cup?
rewarded for his great position on the u20 world oalaa and the israel team. Can he really lead a parrot?
the group that refused the israel national team to play in the u20 world cup were the people who indirectly killed the dreams of the nation's children
"Yesterday in droves rejected the Israel National Team and the dream came true in return for the competition failing to be held in Indonesia now koar the cause of the failure at Pindun U20 in Indonesia and slg blames various parties. destroyed high-ranking officials this Indonesia"
I just want to remind you that it's already March 2023 but Israel managed to get rid of the Indonesian National Team in the U20 World Cup
"If I observe it outside the biggest reason for canceling at U20 is because the Koster rejects Israel this is an excuse according to the Caucasian media! Why is the target only for retaliation? Is it because he wants to take the pressure?"
more barbaric than the national u20 israel?
I hope Israel gets banned like Russia...and hopefully the status of hosting the U20 World Cup can return to Indonesia...hopefully this...let's just pray
"Two PDIP parties PKS ormas2 Ganjar Koster who boastfully styled to protest the presence of Israel....there are the people who are responsible for the loss of the state for the cancellation of the U20 World Cup...if not....imprison them as traitors to the country"
et mention Israel's refusal as the reason for FIFA canceling Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup
"bong . crossed out as u20 host not because of Israel but because of the tragedy of the recommendation. FIFA worried that the tragedy of the recommendation will repeat itself."
"Yes yes reject the Israeli national team not reject the U20 World Cup."
"Erick Tohir has been very honest in admitting Israel's refusal to cause Indonesia's cancellation to host the U20 World Cup not for security reasons or radical terrorist radicals like talk"
"You support the dreams of Palestinian children but you bury the dreams of your own country's children it's strange that Palestine doesn't mind Israel playing the U20 World Cup. And we the children of this country from now on try to pray & put our trust in burying your dreams of becoming leaders in our country."
"Well uh I mean if you ask the WC U20 in Indonesia it's cancelled the most important answer is because Indonesia as the host can guarantee the safety and comfort of the Israeli delegation during the event uh ckit"
"Why is FIFA silent. Russia canceled last year's World Cup because it attacked Ukraine Israel class terrorists slaughtered the Palestinian people could be the U20 World Cup. There are radicals in FIFA"
it's true that it has nothing to do with it but the impact of their tweets made FIFA hot especially since someone reminded them of the Bali bombing case and the situation was not conditional when Israel took part in the U20 World Cup.
"Therefore Israel's escape can be arranged by FIFA. Likewise Russia's non-participation in the pildum is because FIFA has arranged it. So why can't FIFA arrange other alternatives with Indonesia as host?"
"don't understand what this means? want to show the world that our country &amp; football is stupid fifa canceled wordcup u20 because it doesn't have a commitment yi 2 public officials who have signed a contract to be the host &amp; gurantee suddenly refuse israel yi reward &amp; koster bullying them"
"Never mind the rice has turned to mush the U20 World Cup is just a dream including later in the Olympics because there are participants Israel will definitely boycott."
would fifa cross out the israel national team from the u20 world cup? Israel has also proven to link football with politics.
"According to Ms. Nana football is closely related to politics as is currently happening in the conflict over Israel's refusal to compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
according to an indicator survey agency that agrees that the israel national team will participate in the u20 world cup 53 to 59% &amp; acting only 20 to 30%...those who don't want sports to be mixed up with politics are also the majority
* it's true that the reward and the koster rejected Israel! where is fifa?*
"That's right the refusal/objection is considered intervention by FIFA & that's the main reason for the cancellation of NKRI as the host of the U20 please feel free to political stance on PDIP reward/koster etc. Israel is not a country but for FIFA Israel is a legal country & team The u-20s can join FIFA cannot be intervened"
"There is still hope! Israel is threatened with FIFA sanctions Indonesia has the chance to host the U20 World Cup again"
"In fact Israel's zero drama is just to cover up the original problem the unpreparedness of the infrastructure for the U20 World Cup which is the reason it was cancelled. Security is also good. They already know Israel is in 2019 but shut up" "bae."
"To what extent has knowledge of the constitution affected programs & policies? If Israel passed last year has no one told the U20 team that it could be canceled for reasons a b c? If it is anticipated of course not that shock."
---There is shrimp behind Erick Thorhir--- The cancellation of the U20 World Cup has left a number of questions. including one of which is the relevance of fifa reasons &amp; erick thohir's work as chairman of the football federation. israel indonesia i ria sw i bi fast i plot twist ii kanjuruhan
"Imagine if the U20 World Cup was held the Israeli team would ride freely in and out of the stadium. :))"
"Is this duet still relevant after firmly refusing the Israel U20 team to come to Indonesia and their attitude is contrary to policy? Please comment originating in polite language don't use desert lizard-style language hard to understand"
"What is FIFA's real reason for refusing/moving the U20 from Indonesia? Was it because of the statements by the governors of Central Java and Bali? Not that. But the security and safety factors of the Israeli players. and all parties concerned"
"not the fifa but the one who rejected u20 israel"
those who reject u20 israel have primitive brains &amp; how old do you think the concept of nationality is BP? they only think how to make noise so that investors will think about investing in Indonesia ~ it's good that they are kicked out of the Republic of Indonesia if they continue to act for Indonesia to retreat - they are bastards
the governor who refused Israel to come has signed an agreement to hold the u20 world cup because they will play at a stadium in their province. but fifa like betrayed by the existing agreement. that's why they suck at the term.
"1. We reject Israel the basis of our attitude is because it was our constitution that mandated: ""... participate in maintaining world order on the basis of..."" that is.. it seems that Bung Karno is also carrying out this matter.. if the members of the U20 team are about it's normal"
"Even though he strongly rejects the Israeli national team competing in Bali Koster admits that he hopes FIFA will not cancel the World Cup in Bali. If Bali is not part of Indonesia in the U20s it can still be held there. This gentleman doesn't seem to understand why the U20 national team has qualified."
"Cancelled from hosting the U20 World Cup how much will the country lose? (Rias SW Israel Plot Twist Nex Carlos)"
"If PKS refuses Israel's participation in the U20 competition that's not a strange thing because PKS is an Islamic-style party which was originally built on a Muslim basis (which some parties often accuse of being hardline Muslims)."
"Football devotees are in tantrums if the team is at least as high as Japan/South Korea you can protest & be angry because the U20 World Cup failed here your team and neighbors are not sure to win Israel's refusal is in line with the constitution & foreign regulations so there is no wrong of those who refuse."
russia banned from world cup qatar...for the sake of humanity. israel refused to play u20 world cup...don't mix football with politics. what is fifa up to?
is israel worth defending‼
"The governor is busy imaging also busy clarifying his rejection of Israel which resulted in the cancellation of Indonesia's hosting of the U20."
"The Bali police discused the Koster. They denied the Koster's statement about security threats if the Israeli U20 national team competed. Cool sir the police are independent and cannot be intervened by the governor. Salute to the existence of the rule of law"
"As a result of the government's refusal to use JIS for the U20 World Cup FIFA finally withdrew from Indonesia because of the 6 promised stadiums only 2 were ready Israel's issue was only to cover up the inability to organize the World Cup."
"I am one of those who were previously irritated by the cancellation of FIFA's WC U20 in Indonesia but it has changed a little seeing Israel's behavior to be honest like this incident FIFA has double standards"
"They are silent about the massacre in Palestine they are silent when they fail to play in the U20 World Cup as a result of the giveaway because being the host is not the result of the struggle of the qualifying round ehh suddenly put up a black tape shame on Israel who entered because of aid"
"Replace all the PSSI management! I proposed yesterday to become PSSI chairman if Najwa was sent by Jokowi to FIFA yesterday the result is this: the U20 world cup remains in Indonesia the Israeli national team can still play outside the Republic of Indonesia or exit the playoffs if they refuse! "
israel unsuitable country to take part in u20 world cup
there is still a fuss over the reason why FIFA canceled Indonesia as the host at U20 yes it is clear that this is a rejection of the Israeli national team because it has hurt FIFA's spirit
"I am really disappointed with your statement regarding the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team we have lost the trillions of money that we should have got you are clearly a total blunder! You have bypassed the central government it is clear that here you are sowing a storm... buy buy sir reward"
"Actually Ms. Mega saved Jokowi refusing Israel at U20 to cover up the reason that they failed to provide a proper stadium to compete with FIFA standards while at the same time gaining the sympathy of the Muslim community in this case Ms. Mega is ok so Mr. Jokowi don't act the same as Ms. Mega. "
"I am a person who does not believe 100% the U20 World Cup was canceled because of Israel's rejection. Considering that we have gone out of our way to prepare. I am sure the reason is because our stadium has not met the eligibility requirements. Apart from the matter of recommendations and the smell of arrangements at the PSSI club yesterday. "
"Indeed Iwayan Koster Governor of Bali is the most handsome and coolest person at the moment how could Israel not have him cross out from the U20 World Cup?"
"Israel Palestine took part in the U20 World Cup Indonesia was crossed out by FIFA but why did the Indonesian people who were asked to donate to Palestine by Kadrun Kilafer... keep using common sense bro"
"The government made a scenario the U20 WC was canceled because there was a rejection by the Israeli national team even though it was because we weren't ready yet"
even bro.... I even wandered to where this is.... the fact is that U20 Asean is not able to tar after the match against Israel and lost the rage
"no loss ??? Israel can take part in the world cup because only 8 countries participated in the European U20 ticket.... after the European market was destroyed by the war and Indonesia which incidentally is a country in Asia with a population that is not the least bit brave to take a stand is it not loss too?"
The response is how should there be a statement against the U20 Israel National Team. don't just shut up
what is clear is not palestine or israel so who??
"So that's how it is.....let's try if the U20 is not canceled and Israel can be defeated by the Indonesian team is it good or not?"
"It's weird. I don't want to believe in the cancellation of U20 wkwkkwkw. Apart from the rejection of Israel the tragedy of the recommendation I thought there was another motive."
"... as a result of this incident FIFA crossed out Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup and returned Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup."
It's also good that Indonesia doesn't allow Israel to play in the homeland
It seems that Israel is only one of several reasons why Indonesia was canceled to host the U20 World Cup.
"Because there was political rejection the reason was that they moved. Now the U20 event has moved to another country. Israel is still playing in the U20 World Cup Indonesia isn't. are you bro...???
"brutal! israeli army attacks the final of the palestine league cup fifa bans the israel national team from playing in the u20 world cup 2023?"
"It's really strange for these Israel haters. After the KOAR2 refused the Israeli team to come to Indo then FIFA moved the U20 championship to another country they started blaming FIFA. FIFA has given it a chance. Who are you guys who want to set FIFA's policies for the sake of hate & racism? you guys?"
"Well PDIP is the party where Jokowi &amp; Ganjar &amp; I Wayan Koster are under the auspices &amp; PDIP is also very fastidious about rejecting the arrival of the Israeli team to Indonesia so from the beginning of the U20 it has been associated with politics by PDIP PKS Ganjar P &amp; I Wayan Koster
"breaking news: fifa rectified its decision after a tough internal meeting took place yesterday afternoon apologized for the mistake and reappointed Indonesia as the host for the u20 while also punishing the israel national team not being allowed to take part in the championship. PSSI's lobby was not in vain."
"for those who have logic... 1. bidding for the U20 World Cup won by Indonesia 2019.. 2. July 2022 European qualification (uefa) finished Israel runner up of 8 teams.. 3. march 2022 144th inter-parliamentary union (ipu) assembly in nusa dua followed by 132 countries and israel is one of them.."
"That person wants FIFA to cross Israel out of the U20 World Cup and enter Indonesia on what basis does FIFA have to write off Israel they don't want to know" "just cross it out" "that's all"
. Does FIFA reject Russia from joining in 2022 when the war between Russia & Ukraine continues to stop? . Does Indonesia refuse Israel to participate in the u20 conflict between Israel &amp; Palestine continues to stop? why is the war/conflict between them continuing because there are the interests of the big powers behind it
in fact the cadres' reason for rejecting the Israeli u20 team to Indonesia. not because of the opening of UUD 1945. but more based on hatred and the Jewish religion. because Russia colonized Crimea from Ukraine. china caplok tibet and hong kong. why the double standard?
"Yes is the Israeli army going to Indonesia? The ones who go to Indonesia are only U20 kids who don't know anything about politics they just want to play football"
Will Israel be kicked out of the 2023 U20 World Cup?
"That's right what if the U20 World Cup is held in Indonesia and there is revenge against Israel towards the players? Can it be from the outside and can also be from within the country"
Indonesia is the host of WC U20. but many Indonesian governments have refused the Israeli national team to come. crossed out fifa la Indonesia as the host
"After defending Palestine Israel refused Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup you said Indonesia was embarrassing !!"
That's because the effect of the rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team by Ganjar Pranowo has not yet reached the sample
Why did the PDIP leaders and Said Aqil dare to oppose the Israeli U20 team?? because they already know the world u20 party in the republic of Indonesia didn't take place long ago. and the buzzers were given the task of blowing up heat on Israel Palestine as an additional bonus plus value for the 2024 election.
he hoped the u20 would stay in indonesia but fifa crossed out israel
"Jhon worms don't look for justification and looking for scapegoats‼ if only there was no rejection by the Israel U20 team voiced by the Bull Boar Party officials maybe Indonesia would still host the U20 World Cup‼ sad to see the way John worms makes a living‼"
"Profit and loss for canceling the U20 World Cup Indonesia Argentina big profit Israel continues to play Palestine gets nothing. How about Indonesia? Boncos boss..."
"It's good for you just keep quiet your narrative is rejecting the Israeli National Team which results in the cancellation of the U20 event in Indonesia destroying the joints of the tourism economy achievements and why the Indonesian nation is big in the international world jar"
"Indeed those who reject Israel in the U20 World Cup are those who colonize their own nation. Colonize the hope of Indonesian children to compete on the world stage colonize the hope of the people to see Indonesia succeed in the eyes of the world. Really you are the colonizers of your own nation!"
"They are wrong we supporters will still choose GP we will not be shaken because we failed to host U20 besides we also know that sins have contributed greatly because they are loud if the Israeli team competes in Indonesia even in 212 they threaten to kill now why on silence."
meaning that only Palestinians know where the priority is. no matter how conflicted with Israel they still seek safety. unlike some idiotic Indonesians rejecting Israel as a result u20 is cancelled.
he was furious after desperately rejecting israel. Your cadre is truly extraordinary Mr. Member of Parliament who also wakes up Gerindra furious that the U20 World Cup has been canceled in RI.
"Indeed cursed rotten cadets are smart to find opportunities in adversity after the U20 World Cup was canceled by FIFA. Many cadets are looking for the stage to become late heroes political figures are not on the list of names who refused the Israeli team to play now only the cursed monkey appears"
"Relax Mr. President there was an Israeli soldier who attacked during the final of the Palestinian league football thank God we Indonesia can stand up again and hopefully if the right to be the host does not return at least our U20 national team can compete and achieve"
"Relax Mr. President there was an Israeli soldier who attacked during the final of the Palestinian league football thank God we Indonesia can stand up again and hopefully if the right to be the host does not return at least our U20 national team can compete and achieve"
"Don't have hopes for the Olympics. Because of the U20 incident Indonesia will no longer be counted for the Olympics. By the way the number of teams that will come from Israel can even be 2-3x the number for the U20"
so remember the successful beer commercial without much story and drama was rejected at the Formula E Jakarta event yesterday! it's not wrong to refuse the israel national team to play in nkri but still host the u20 world cup PSSI negotiators are as smart as qatar negotiators who don't have much drama!
"It's a shame that the Indonesian U20 World Cup was canceled by FIFA but if you look at Israel's cruelty to the Palestinian people humanity must be more than just football"
those who reject the israel national team until the u20 is canceled are shallow brain people
PDIP is not worried that electability will drop because its cadres are excited about rejecting Israel at the U20 World Cup
"Don't think about security lightly this U20 involves thousands & millions of sportsmen from various countries including Israeli sportsmen what if you're relaxing in a hotel or on your way to the stadium being beaten by irresponsible people?"
"PDIP is not worried that electability will decrease because its cadres are excited about Israel's rejection at the U20 World Cup: Hasto Kristiyanto said that electability fluctuates so that ups and downs are normal."
the majority of people don't mind Israel's participation in the u20 world cup. the israel issue has less influence on the voter's vote. There is a difference of opinion between the elite and their supporters. will be a game changer?
"Your reasons are not correct. It should be enough to say that you hate Israel. There is no need to bring invaders to UUD45. There are countries that participated in the U20 World Cup which at this moment their militaries are attacking other countries. There are Saudis Americans and Turkey. That's not yet another country that didn't take part in the cup world like Russia and China."
"That's why the rules put forward by FIFA are read not thrown away. By rejecting Israel it means that Indonesia has disobeyed FIFA's rules and is it appropriate for Indonesia to be kicked out? Israel which has qualified means it deserves to take part in the U20 World Cup in any country in the world"
"Eh Tong... you see because of the jury's decision Israel is finally joining in using tear gas pretending to defend the country..... defending the country from Hong Kong?!"
"Without the chatter and costars the possibility of cancellation has already been seen since it was discovered that Israel passed U20. The Republic of Indonesia will not be able to host anything as long as it is possible that Israel is part of the participants in the event except for the amendment to the UUD 45 so that it can colonize the Israeli flag & song can "
"If the Kanjuruhan tragedy is the reason U20 in Indonesia is cancelled Israel will do that. Wafa reported on Friday (31/3) Israeli occupation forces entered the stadium and fired tear gas onto the field and towards the stands on Thursday night (30/3) Palestinian time ."
who colonized not only israel who took part in the u20 world cup. At this moment there are Saudis who attack Yemen. there is america attacking syria. there is a Türkiye attacking syria as well. the right reason for rejecting Israel is not an occupier what else uud45. will spread to many countries that also colonize. should hate israel enough.
"Moon I'm sorry it's just an income. You should sir if you don't insist on holding it at U20. Because there is a possibility that Israel will qualify. Meanwhile our country has special prohibitions/rules for Israeli citizens who want to enter Indonesia. Even the ministers refuse. "
again encouraging the israel national team who want to compete in the u20.. hahaha
What has succeeded in rejecting the Israeli u20 while cheering... ?? satisfied... ?? feel the most humane?? happy... ??? never mind....
"Rejecting U20 football a combination of kadrun and cebong who are happy for Palestine being colonized by Israel will not be able to help become an independent country. Its ability to kill hope hard work sacrifice workers fans and the football industry."
Indonesian citizens reject Israel's U20 World Cup national team: 1. Israel still participates in the world cup 2. Indonesia cancels participating in the world cup 3. Indonesia cancels being the host of the world cup. israel win indonesia lost
everything happened due to the rejection of Israel's presence in the u20 world cup.
"fix cancellation by FIFA due to Israel's rejection of participation in the U20 World Cup."
". . if other nations/countries say ""it is very unfortunate that u20 is canceled in your country why... ?"" I replied: ""in my country there are many Israelis with stiff necks (stupid/stupid) but Israelis are smart as a minority . """
Another perspective to add insight into the case of the failure of the FIFA U20 World Cup was it entirely because Koster CS rejected Israel?
"What is certain is that the issue of Israel's rejection is the smallest possibility of Indonesia being the host of the U20 World Cup. We often underestimate Israel's rejection by shouting at Kadrun's goal. Why was it when 2 officials argued that Israel's rejection was taken seriously? So who actually buried the dream of the U20 national team?"
"Simply put will Israel not participate in the U20 World Cup will Palestine be automatically independent??"
It was the squad that pushed Israel to come to the u20 world cup.
"After waking up I'm starting to forget that Indonesia has failed to host the U20 World Cup. I'm not sad anymore. I'm starting to realize that I'm not blaming politicians and political parties who reject Israel. They are ready to accept promises" sweet in the campaign for the 2024 election.
"This is an opportunity for Israel to be reported to FIFA to be subject to sanctions so that later the U20 World Cup cannot participate and Indonesia can still host the U20 World Cup"
"PKS and PDIP reject Israel PKB: the state loses to Kadrun."
"until fifa israel u20 just screams mo comes even though you already have an army of avengers plus wonder woman: ""screaming boss the power of the k-drone"" now it's even cringing that there is a hybrid kadrun a sheep-robed kadrun mutation"
"It makes Indonesia feel guilty for rejecting Israel at WC U20 but FIFA is helping fix football in Indonesia considering its promise in 2022 kmrn fair isn't it?"
"If the world cup fails because Israel's refusal is based on the opening of the 1945 Constitution first paragraph. Mr Soekarno once made a speech ""Give me 10 youths I will shake the world"" the U20 national team is 10 youths who will shake the world because of achievements for Indonesia but unfortunately."
"Mixing politics and sports even though in WC Qatar 2022 FIFA Brani crossed out Russia why didn't FIFA Brani crossed out Israel? FIFA knew that Indonesia would ban Israel from playing in WC U20 so FIFA bidding on Indonesia as the host it's impossible for FIFA to help the tragedy of Kanjuruhan for free"
meaning the u20 world cup will still be held in indonesia without the participation of the israel team ... like the annulment of the russia team during the 2022 world cup ago
"fifa canceled the holding of the u20 world championship in Indonesia due to the refusal of the local government which had signed an agreement &amp; rejection from the community against the israel team for the sake of defending palestine even though it destroyed the future &amp;dreams of the young Indonesian team itself"
"I'm sorry just an opinion. I have to ask Mr. Jokowi why are you still insisting on holding the U20. Even though there is a possibility that Israel will qualify. Meanwhile our country has special restrictions/rules for Israeli citizens who want to enter Indonesia."
"The U-20 World Cup in 2023 is rescheduled for 2021. How come no one protested before rejected Israel and signed a security guarantee letter. Now they are constitutional patriots. It's obvious that they already know that because of FIFA's recommendation they will definitely give them sanctions even though they have been directly lobbied president."
"Then the Palestinian ambassador doesn't matter if Israel plays the U20 World Cup how come you feel more Palestinian than that ambassador?"
stupid way of thinking...a commitment was made and signed by 6 regions to use the u20 world cup event...after the day approached... 2 regions refused...koster said he was traumatized by the Bali bombing...ganjar said Israel's occupation was not in accordance with uud45.... bad commitment
"Don't shift the issue netizens are smart. The U20 process started before 2019 and ended when the PDIP through Koster Gangar rejected the Israeli team. Therefore FIFA canceled the participant draw event which was supposed to be March 31 2023."
"2. Why is the biggest party calling for an Israeli boycott at the Indonesian U20 World Cup? because of constitutional reasons and behind it there are fears that the U20 World Cup will be successful ET will definitely benefit from the 2024 political map."
Please the big one friends netizens and the buzzer are you still blaming people for canceling U20 in Indo? Look at our government politics what are all the braders connected to not because 1 person refuses Israel FIFA cancels the host in Indo how come it's funny.
"Palestinian footballers were prevented by Israel they even terrorized the U-20 the initials r exaggerated morningg palestine april fools kevin israel fifa"
"Najwa Shihab explained that Israel had disbanded the sports committee to terrorize Palestinian U-20 athletes the initials r lebay morningg Palestine April Fools Kevin Israel FIFA"
"According to Najwa Shihab football is always closely related to U-20 politics the initials are r lebay morningg palestine april fools kevin israel fifa"
"Where's your nonsense humanity? Are U20 children not human? The Israeli team who wants to come is not human. Are the Indonesian people not human? Does humanity only apply to those in Palestine? What political people say is really complicated."
the way to commit is bad... long ago the signature was agreed... the area was used for the u20 world cup event... after approaching the d day it was canceled... with the Israeli reason being that the colonialists did not comply with the uud45...
"Erick Thorhir just bury the dream of Indonesian football appearing in the senior world cup or something else if later in that event the Indonesian team faces Israel will it be canceled too or told not to be able to compete?"
a fifa double standard? If it's like this how can there be a punishment that's not the same as Israel I think the answer is no. but yeah the name is FIFA which is in power no p2. In power it also cancels us as hosts for the U20 World Cup. Mr. Erick said it was because of security
"The general chairman of PSSI has clarified in a press conference at the presidential palace the safety factor is the main reason for the U20 world cup. I myself am not even sure that our national team supporters will be ready to accept defeat especially if they lose to Israel. Therefore FIFA has strong reasons"
Binder Singh urges the public not to equate FIFA's ban on the Russian national team with the U-20 Israeli national team: not the end of the world
Ganjar has lost support/blacklisted as a presidential candidate in 2024 with Indonesia's failure to host U-20 football...all cebooongs are very disappointed with Ganjar for participating in banning the arrival of the U-20 Israeli football team in Indonesia
Regarding Israel and the cancellation of the U-20 World Cup the government is still gray. Read Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 03 of 2019. Allowing Israel to play means violating the constitution. Rejecting Israel means erasing hope for the U-20 National Team even though the FIFA reason is because Indonesia is in the transitional stage of the Kanjuruhan tragedy.
"Basically Pak Ganjar's character is a sycophant. Lickers are synonymous with traitors. Lickers are not a great leader trait but there is a bright side to Ganjar's rejection of the Israel U20 team namely Indonesia was saved from destruction. Waiting for Pak Jokowi's direction."
very disappointed when the u20 world cup event was canceled by fifa just because of the pressure of a certain group of people who are pro palestine and anti israel.
house of conduct
"Wow... the deputy head of the West Tanjung Jabung Regional Representative Council Sjafril Simamora left the scene after the official car he was riding in hit Siti (17) and died. Meanwhile another victim Dea (18) suffered outrageous serious injuries!"
starting to appear looking for the stage...if the u20 world cup is being held this kid is different again when he says the government is pro israel...you've found out that this is rotten people
I can't imagine if U20 was in Indonesia then the Israeli team won and the national anthem was played in the stadium with the flag being hoisted. Spectators wave the Palestinian flag. conditions get out of control. recommendation 2 can happen. omg..
"Because we were crossed out at the U20 World Cup now many are starting to import the Israeli-Palestinian conflict into our timeline as if it were our problem. Even if they kill 100 people it doesn't affect us. We ignore 130 people in our stadium. !"
mas wal khan ora nolak piala dunia u20 tow...help tkokno ne elit parta sk nolak bal2an kwi jaman delegasi parlemen israel pbruari 2022teko ne bali ug ora di tolak yn bal2an ug di tolak pdo2 wong israel to... tolong mas... mtur nwun
At the time when the pressure of refusal on the arrival of Israel was being commandeered and ended up canceling the U20 drawing in Bali only then did Father Gopoh in a hurry order Mas to work hard ...
"How do you want to advance in Indonesian football if your brain is stupid like this. How do you want to advance to the presidential election if your thoughts are like this. Do you know who the coach for the Palestine U20 team is? Israeli sir. If so you complain to the President of Palestine.. change trainers."
"Coach wants to ask with the latest news updates regarding Israel's attack on tear gas when the Palestinian League was playing is there a possibility that Israel will be sanctioned? Is there a potential ban for this? And a glimmer of hope for WC U20 to return? Thx"
"PDIP ""burned/sacrificed himself"" to save Jokowi and the people at U20 if it continues and there is an attack on the Israeli team no matter how small. The world's trust in Indonesia will be lost. The economy will crash"
"It turns out that after this incident Israel was banned by FIFA Israel U20 was removed from the World Cup. The world really sucks"
"Regarding the Indonesian precedent regarding the Israel U20 National Team there are many cases where the host country can still accept guest countries that are not recognized."
"What's strange is that the Kadrun and the bearers of Anies pretended to be anti-Israel the loudest in rejecting the arrival of the U20 Israeli team but they were silent when John raised the Israeli flag in Jis now Indonesia has failed as a world u20 event they shouted blaming PSSI right tai"
"Wow!! It's official the U-20 World Cup has moved to Argentina feels like an April Fool's Day"
"Israel participated because he passed the pre-qualification pk not juk2 directly appointed by fifa to join wc u20. you pretend you don't know the process or you really don't know sir."
lucky luke vs asbun comments about the israel team
"The general chairman of the Democratic Party Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono (ahy) thinks that the Indonesian government has never been serious about fighting for Palestinian independence from Israel. Oh how come this is what's going on? U20 is out of sight"
"According to friends do you choose to ban Israel from participating in U20 football or does Indonesia write off FIFA as the organizer of the world soccer match?"
"stay fifa cancel israel participation on u20"
"the results of Indonesia's foreign diplomacy; Israel still participates in U20 the Republic of Indonesia was crossed out as organizer who won??? the Republic of Indonesia or Israel ???"
"The Republic of Indonesia intends to kick Israel out of the You 20 Championship in Indonesia the result is that Indonesia is kicked out as the organizer of the U20 is the Republic of Indonesia's diplomacy good at international forums???"
GP saved the U20 Republik Indonesia from being slaughtered by the other U20s at home. Save Bali's security from the attacks of foreign jihadis khilafuck Yemenis who are rushing U20 Israel can't imagine competing here with fellow local clubs horror rioting massacres. god save nkri
"So like this sis with the incident in the Palestinian league yesterday. Everyone hopes that Israel will be banned by FIFA. Automatically the U20 National Team cannot compete. This is the moment we are asking for our rights again as hosts"
"Oom if the U20 World Cup takes place in Indonesia it means that the Israeli team raises the country's flag and plays the national anthem in Indonesia. Is this permissible according to the constitution kit? Come on find out more."
governor of bali: let's pray for the israel national team to be removed by fifa from the 2023 u20 world cup
"maybe it's cool to the eye but the effect is 0 but if you want to "imagine" a strong one imagine that Indonesia has the power so that the U20 participating countries refuse to fight Israel because they respect us as hosts inevitably Israel is crossed out like in the case of Russia it has a bigger effect
waiting for the governor of bali to reject the israel contingent in the 2023 world beach games like in the 2023 u20 world cup
"only with a capital bet of 3 thousand at the gates of Olympus the jackpot broke to 13 million when will it be in my account JP: link in bio my dear"
every day shows his stupidity responding to the cancellation of the u20 world cup. pildun-u20 definitely won't take place in Indonesia because the kadrun led by pks plus zonk have shouted against israel. the problem is why the PDIP joined the party.
"I'm really annoyed with the name Israel but if Indonesia U20 doesn't play that's what makes me sad .... It's better before taking a stance you should consider it first sorry if something is different from my opinion .."
it turns out that the cancellation of the u20 world cup in Indonesia was not due to the rejection of the israel national team but because of the kanjuruhan tragedy last year. try to read in the news media foreign
"He's lost in thought after successfully crossing out why Indonesia is the host now he's starting to play victim asking why Israel was removed from the U20 isn't it stupid if the leaders have this kind of talk?? It's wrong why Israel was removed.."
"What's interesting about Indonesia's failure to become the host of the U20 World Cup isn't the national team's banishment Israel's refusal or the governors who suddenly spoke out loud but actually weren't ready for this maybe because they were embarrassed to make gimmicks like this to distract the public's attention. The bait is selling well about Israel"
In order to vote for Muslims for 2024 the U20 World Cup was sacrificed. but if you sit at the table with Israel in Bali it's okay
"Try to be brave don't ask this all-talking Israel U20 issue.."
The Israeli treatment of Palestine is appalling. I hope that Ms. Nana's voice will be heard for all of our people +62
laahhh.. the Palestinian U20 trainer is Israeli..
"In fact Pak Jokowi is cool Jon Py has a strong stance that doesn't want to be steered by Tesla! The issue of canceling the hosting of the U20 World Cup was also traumatic in Israel during the 1972 Munich Olympics Germany Israeli athletes were killed by terrorists! Moreover the statement by the governor of Bali about the trauma of the Bali bombing! president jokowi joss"
"Reject presidential candidates who refuse Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup and presidential candidates who do not support or just remain silent to take advantage of the situation for their political interests."
"Israel has passed the U20 world cup. Indonesia is participating in the world cup as the host. If the host is canceled it's cancelled too!!
"He just answered if there are already a lot of Indonesian volunteers there. The issue of Palestine wanting to be independent or not that's a different question again. At least those who want to go there still have a human spirit rather than those who support Israel from all directions because the U20 World Cup didn't so in Indonesia."
"Here are people like you who have been infiltrated by hatred so their brain just hates its contents from the start accepting Israel because they don't want the U20 WC to be cancelled because the impact is very big for Indonesia"
"The question is why did the rejection only appear at the time of injury time approaching the WC U20. Even though Israel's passage to WC U20 has been known for quite a long time... why don't you just let it go first make the action right at the event for example by not wanting to raise the flag & play israel's national anthem
no wonder that so-and-so doesn't want to comment on Israel at U20... oh this is the reason... thanks bro noorsy
"It's clear almost everyone also wants Israel not to participate. But if it happens like the U-20 World Cup yesterday: for example the Olympics are given the opportunity to be held in Indonesia but the conditions are that all countries including Israel will participate would you rather just cancel the hosting? Keep going? "
"After understanding all the problems with organizing the U20 World Cup I am speechless... this is how it should be... it's just that it's just now being decided even though the problem has been clear since Israel passed in July last year..."
Frankly I'm a GP but because of his rejection of the Israel U20 national team Indonesia was canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup disappointed and sad I'm just Prabowo
"He can't tell the difference between Israel passing the U20 World Cup qualifiers. Indonesia can participate because of the free pass being the host of RMH just like Qatar during the 2022 world cup free pass because of being the host of RMH. It's as noisy as if it's going to war where they are fine bro bro "
"It has been brought up by several factions and commissions in the House of Representatives since Israel was declared to have passed the U20 World Cup. Please find a solution so that it does not collide with the Minister of Foreign Affairs and the 1945 Constitution. But everyone is taking it lightly including the PSSI especially in October the Kanjuruhan tragedy occurred.. .."
"This party makes the excuse of refusing Israel to participate in U20 so that this party can get support from Muslims yes I hope we are all literate I hope sports don't get mixed up with boss politics"
"The problem since yesterday was that many people rejected the Israeli national team after Indonesia failed to become the host they simply said that the U20 national team had not deserved to participate in the U20 world cup. And instead they cursed the national team players who were disappointed."
"It is time for the diplomatic relations between the Republic of Indonesia and Israel to be revised. The interests of the Republic of Indonesia & Israel are not only in politics but in many other positive ways. Not all Israelis are guilty. In their differences they live in peace. In 88 Palestine declared its independence. u20 fifa pdip"
just feeling smart.... 3 years to build the u20 venue..july Israel passed...the government is confused..there will be riots triggered by the neighbors next door...there are simalakama...and the country chooses the unity of its nation....
for the sake of the security of the israel team it would be good if the u20 match was thwarted
"Because Israel passed the qualification while Indonesia was able to participate because it hosted the U20 World Cup that too was cancelled."
The Kohana government should have the courage to speak up to FIFA why is it only Russia that is banned from joining the U20 on the grounds that Israel and the US should be the aggressor country right? They are the same as the aggressor country too.
"Arrogant Jokowi's dream is shattered to be the host of the U-20 World Cup. He is used to betraying & lying about economic legal &amp; justice affairs. He prefers a power &amp; security approach. Ignore the voice of the people. 2019 nominee host at U20 prepare for physical affairs but ignore the history of Indonesia Palestine and Israel. "
maybe he doesn't know if Indonesia's failure to host the u20 world cup is due to a proposing case not because of mere rejection of israel
"When I challenged Israel it hasn't passed yet and so far the chances of it qualifying are small but still believe that FIFA will withdraw the U20 World Cup for just 100 gr" "Israel your country is not really fit for the World Cup event h-3 weeks. Have you seen the opening preparations or not? What Zainuddin said was amali will be there"
"It's strange isn't it because of the U20 GP blunder then it's better to PS-PM? Forget that PM is from the Israeli reject party at U20? So it's inconsistent. Rejecting the GP because of U20 blunders but hoping PS duets with PM who is the crown princess of the rejecting party .. I doubt that the attack on the GP was purely because of love for football."
"suggestion similar to a suggestion use this as diplomacy to FIFA to avoid sanctions... if FIFA doesn't sanction Israel or doesn't tell Israel's PSSI to be overhauled because of this then MKT also can't be sanctioned by U20... how about diplomacy pepet fifa don't discriminate !!
"Indonesia has been canceled from holding the U20 World Cup why is it that only the Koster and Rewards are blamed... even those who are stronger against the presence of the Israeli team in Indonesia are Mr Hidayat Nur Wahid etc. why don't they sound like the party to blame too..."
"After FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup only everyone shouted disappointed. When there was no cancellation from FIFA and there was already a rejection of the Israeli national team no one protested against the rejection everyone was silent.."
"The dream of the nation's children must be buried after FIFA crossed out Indonesia as the host at U20. The national team's disappointment was so deep that the ending was that a country defended by the enemy could play Israel & Palestine but we bit our fingers"
"You should have spoken up yesterday don't look for security. At least when you speak up there is support from the community line supporting Gerindra for holding the U20 World Cup even though Israel came as a participant then there is a solution that doesn't conflict with our rules"
Stupid Bani Kadrun they memorized Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup but they just didn't want Israel to play in Indonesia. while not knowing Israel Palestine continued to play even though Indonesia failed both as a participant and as an organizer
"Governor of Bali prays for the Israel National Team to be crossed out by FIFA from the 2023 U20 World Cup. In fact the Indonesian National Team has been crossed out by FIFA from the 2023 U20 World Cup so this is the result of whose prayers huh????????"
Indonesia u20 and israel u20 national teams look at the behavior of adults in their countries:
"reportedly Indonesia was appointed host from 2019 Israel passed U20 in 2021 my correction"
news from israel tv about the cancellation on u20 in Indonesia [1] part 2 below
"The only way is for the U20 World Cup to be held in our country so that there are no security disturbances we propose to FIFA not to include Israel playing in Indonesia let it compete in other countries."
"Wrong Woi Gibran Kali PDIP in the case of the U20 World Cup do PDIP officials think that if they can refuse Israel Indonesia's participation will not be canceled? Keep getting involved with Pak Karno is that the work of a mother?"
"Hello sir try playing the U20 World Cup without the Israel National Team suggest that FIFA let the Israel National Team compete in other countries for the smooth running of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
"Still those who came were U20 children not soldiers. Indonesia which insisted on being the host should have been prepared for all the consequences. Previously Israeli delegations have often come to Indo it's normal. Now it's going to be an uproar."
pouring out disappointment on those who reject Israel as a participant in the u20 world cup including Mr. Ganjar is a mistake to tweet with hypocritical words... greetings...
Unfortunately Palestine doesn't care about us they will still play in the U20 World Cup even though Israel is there
"For Anies Baswedan the time to reject comments about the Israeli U20 team was not right he was confused he was afraid of being wrong he was afraid that his fans would leave him but it is certain that Anies as an Arab supported by radical groups will definitely reject Israel's arrival in Indonesia"
that's great bro...if Gibran could be married maybe that would be great...because he also didn't refuse Israel to play in the u20 world cup and buried the dreams of young people who were already passionate about playing in the world cup
"This makes sense it's also terrible that at the FIFA level there is different treatment towards Israel and there is even a reason under the paperwork for Indonesia's failure as WC U20 host"
no more excited than party officials in Central Java &amp; Bali screamed against Israel then the next day said it was disappointed that WC23 U20 was canceled in Indonesia
At least Anies didn't refuse Israel to play in the U20 World Cup
"I already know that it has no effect why are you defending stupid in the end it is our U20 national team that gets affected the children of the nation who are affected are stupid or not you talk until foam is also useless is Israel the one who loses??? does Palestine help national team??? your paddy field camp"
"Anything can happen including Israel even though the U20 World Cup qualification has taken so long... I'm just imagining is this commotion due to 'deliberate' factors...? Even if Israel has participated in official activities several times in Indonesia including the World Beach Games it's just the magnitude. 'small' times huh?"
"Yes the goal was to help the budget from the start. I've said from the start it's Israel's problem security is just fried political parties to cover mega-corruption on the side of the nilep budget for the U20 World Cup. So this was just an imaginary project from the start."
the government is concerned. on the one hand the president guarantees u20 can run safely with the presence of the israel team but on the other hand there is pressure &amp; rejection from the PDIP and the governor of Bali and white hair so that FIFA was confused. there was an asynchronous communication so that fifa decided the drawing
"Let's see if it's like this how do those who rejected the Israeli team feel which resulted in the cancellation of the U20 World Cup event in our country."
"I want to ask Mr. Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup because of the issue of the rejection of the Israeli national team because what you know is Israel is Zionist but you need to know that the Zionist government is the Israeli government not the Israeli national team"
"And Indonesia failed in the u20 because Israel refused to play in Indonesia what the hell is that?"
"I am really disappointed that the U20 World Cup did not take place in Indonesia but not solely because of what he said sir about the country's constitution having no political relationship with Israel because FIFA is considering the safety of the Kanjuran case which has not yet been resolved."
"Indonesia has failed to organize the U20 World Cup thank you gentlemen political elites demonstrators who refuse Israel to play in Indonesia. You have all destroyed the dreams of your own nation's children"
"Since the U20 World Cup started in 1977 Israel has appeared in the qualifying round for the first time representing the European U20 runners up...it's really extraordinary"
hopefully canceling to host the u20 world cup will not be in vain. Who knows the world will remember Israel's occupation of Palestine which has not been completed to this day
why doesn't fifa have the courage to cross out israel from the u20 world cup match?
Israel's participation in the U20 Dubia Cup has nothing to do with the Indonesian Constituency Defending Palestine
"Some people criticized opponents of the National Team's participation in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia under the pretext of ""the Israeli U20 National Team Captain is Muslim". Even if the PM is a Muslim it doesn't reduce the illegality in the least. Just because a robber is Muslim doesn't mean he isn't a robber "
The nations who have rejected Israel for the U20 World Cup are satisfied for destroying Indonesia in the eyes of the international community
"It's stupid to sacrifice one's own country's children. Palestine itself is also calm together with Israel they will both enter the 2023 U20 World Cup."
"The saddest thing is yesterday's accounts rejected Israel now there are many who blaspheme the U20 national team players they say they really don't deserve to play in the U20 world cup"
if you understand uud45 you can't be selective about rejecting the israel u20 football national team which aims at sports but accepts the delegation of the israel knesset in bali which clearly represents zionism politics .. to be fair it has to come from the mind
why didn't you get rejected from the start....don't pretend you don't know there is an israel team ok u20 world level fifa event. The president must give sanctions to the Koster and Koster to be fair as a reflection of the government's responsibility as well so that in the future it will not set a bad precedent.
"affh iyah? I searched on Twitter but I didn't find any statements or arguments about u20 after the decision happened even as far as 2018 hiyahiyahiya just when Israel wanted to come boycott affah? wow"
none of that ... is true because the Israeli team rejected the U20 event from the regional head (governor of Bali) to PSSI this was considered an intervention that FIFA could not tolerate.
"Without any event Israel will be refused to come to Indonesia Israel will definitely qualify for the U20 World Cup a few months before the tragedy of Kanjuruhan!!!"
"Well get your attention people yesterday one of the members of this party said kadrun for those who rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup"
cancellation of wc u20 hosting because the president somehow doesn't want/can't/can't allow pairs (including vis a vis colleagues and his own party) to guarantee israel can be treated the same as other participants
If there was no rejection of the Israel U20 national team of course football fans in Indonesia would be able to watch our national team compete in the U20 world cup. I'm afraid there are many who impose their will and reject the Israeli national team. As a result Indonesia was canceled as the host.
"The governor of Bali has used an official letter to the Menpora rejecting the Israeli U20 team. This is tantamount to canceling the local government's guarantee letter. This means that Indonesia no longer fulfills the requirements. What's more bringing up the trauma of the Bali bombing."
"When the Israeli u20 national team qualified for the world cup the Israeli army attacked the final match of the Palestinian league cup. Is the Israeli national team safe from sanctions??"
"the israel u20 national team has passed the qualification they should be able to play fifa has rules that cannot be intervened by the government. sports and politics should be separated"
The U20 World Cup has been canceled in Indonesia. Indonesia humiliated the nation on the international stage... Israel and Palestine just laughed out loud.
here my family and I unanimously support Mr. Ganjar to become a presidential candidate but I am very disappointed with the father who disappointed millions of Indonesian people for your comments that rejected the Israeli National Team which in the end we were refused to host the U20 World Cup
"Obviously information is that Israel has been confirmed to have passed the U20 World Cup since July 2022 meaning that there is 7-9 months to find the best solution so that the event can still be held. But why are the rejections and proposals only being submitted now?"
"You have to use the motto of Mr. Harto the deceased for now the PSSI lobby has gone wild the problem is the arrival of the Israeli team FIFA regarding the WC U20 host which doesn't work okay? no cry more.teljur"
"In my opinion the WC U20 failure in Indonesia O PSSI Erick Tohir has been sufficiently discussed let it go and what steps to take to save the Indonesian footnall. I am worried that NGR people will blame each other they are discussed continuously the outside world will even laugh at them especially Israel and FIFA respect yourself near"
just like the Ipu meeting led by Mrs. Maharani. the israel parliament was conned. at the u20 world cup israel invited fifa. then why use the constitution as an excuse while pas defraud not
If you agree that politics shouldn't be mixed up with sports...then Israel can play the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"russia invasion-banned uefa-fifa banned russia in qatar world cup as host they are have power israel invaded palestine-indonesia refuses israel in world cup u20-fifa cancels indonesia as host double standard really laughs really I talk about it morality"
it's wrong if the way to seek sympathy by rejecting Israel is that many Muslims support it as a u20 host
canceled the organization of u20 in Indonesia due to protest against Israel. FIFA suspended Russia for attacking Ukraine. but turn a blind eye to Israel's humanitarian crimes and Israel's attack on football stadiums? hippocracy!
"One of the reasons why the U20 World Cup was cancelled what if Israel did?"
Indeed by rejecting the Israel Palestine U20 team they immediately became peaceful and independent huh. no bro
This koster guy why is Israel's idiot qualified to enter the top 4 at the U20 Euro yesterday. Appreciate those who entered the top 4 euros yesterday.
"If there were times when all international events failed in Indonesia just because there was Israel who qualified well well enjoy it if people say there is no u20 nor will it be the end of the world neither will the Menpora PDIP and other objectors it will not end either"
"My feeling during the kanjuran tragedy was not finished thoroughly fairly transparently... the world of ind football is still in the shadow of the chaos that comes from unexpected things... israel governor officials the cancellation of the u20 world cup in ind etc. is just ""intermediary"" to the mess of spkbola ind"
"Plot twist: Israel is banned from FIFA in international competitions and the U20 World Cup will still be held in Indonesia because Israel is disqualified from the U20 World Cup.... best plot twist ever"
"Gangar Volunteers tried to twist a letter from FIFA they built a narrative that the cancellation of the U20 World Cup was caused by an election tragedy in fact that was not the case in fact the cancellation was due to the refusal of the Israeli national team to compete in Indonesia."
Israel is even more interested in seeing the U20.
"Coach this is the latest news there are Israeli soldiers shooting tear gas is there a coach is there a possibility that FIFA will make Israeli tires in the U20 World Cup later and it will still be held in Indonesia"
boarding house refusal &amp; The reward for canceling the U20 World Cup was conveyed by Erick to President Jokowi at the palace. This intervention is related to the rejection of the Israeli national team that emerged including from the governors of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo and Gu Bali I Wayan Koster. pdip &amp; these two people are evil!
"Isn't it the other way around refusing the presence of the Israeli U20 national team is the same as destroying the Indonesian football team isn't it reliable? Mas Hasto &amp; PDIP making jokes. hbs2an like this"
"If it's security issues that make GP reject the Israeli national team does that mean he doesn't have the capability to protect his own territory? Is something like this still worthy of being a president? Pak Jokowi can guarantee that the U20 is safe"
after that israel step on the gas to qualify for the thomas cup in the elimination meet indonesia noisy again like u20 world cup...too bad later indonesian badminton...a lot of players are leaving overseas
"adian doesn't understand the condition. fifa crossed out Indonesia as the host at U20 because it rejected Israel. FIFA prefers Israel over Indonesia which is nobody in the football world. How come it suddenly rejects Israel yes it's considered… let alone et it was Jokowi who came to lobby also not accepted"
So why doesn't FIFA ban Israel? instead the question is the reason why FIFA is burdening what? FIFA is free from politics (albeit double standards yes). So there is no reason for FIFA to ban Israel. then at the u20 world cup. Israel clearly got a slot after the u-19 runner up after losing to England.
"The electability reward is down again. Wadas is not too influential but his comments are about Israel which made Indonesia fail to hold the WC-U20. That's a serious blunder plus if Indonesia gets sanctions from FIFA. Of course all fanspages will show a reward face. Say don't vote!"
For example our nation's founders agreed on the principles of world peace &amp; elimination of all forms of colonialism. and that's what the Palestinians feel about the occupation of their land by Israel.
"If Israel doesn't qualify for the U20 World Cup it will definitely be in essence it's just discrimination and the most constitutional"
"I wonder if the Iraq or Tunisia U20 teams meet Israel do you want to play or not? Is it a boycott?"
If Israel is punished by FIFA and then cancels playing at the U20 World Cup it will be hilarious. but how is it possible. they are immune.
"You know really Koster and Ganjar refusing Israel (at the order of the chairman) are just political preambles? Aren't they? They are serious about preventing the U20 World Cup from being held in Bali and Central Java right? This seriousness is what FIFA captures. Don't pretend you don't understand boss!"
"Well bro Pan Pakde said he didn't know that Israel entered the qualification when Indonesia hosted the U20 World Cup going forward has to be backwards. You can also play Mamarika FIFA and The Genk. But you are smarter I think..."
"It should be the U20 World Cup in Indonesia Israel is prohibited from playing with FIFA"
"because you are really a togog tololgoblog it's true that FIFA has double standards but we understand that the USA controls the bodies in the world and the influential ones in the USA are the Jews let's wait for FIFA to dare to cross out Israel's U20s like Russia"
"Meaning PDIP PKS MUI etc. including the governors of Bali & Central Java who refused Israel's participation in the U20 WC including me were all labeled as kadrun!!! Really the PKB officials are crazy!!!"
deliberately spreading the issue of Israel's rejection in Indonesia was the cause of the failure of the U20 show in Bali. and if true that's the cause. why do you want to cooperate with a certain party so that the performance fails because of the issue of Israel's rejection.
"Has Israel ever committed crimes against humanity like the Republic of Indonesia? Do you think that only the Republic of Indonesia cares about Palestine? Is football really a crime against humanity? Then what is Palestine's response to the failure of the Republic of Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup?" "nothing alias rapeduli"" "
because of this we don't host the u20 world cup I think... but it's turning it to Israel.... hmmmm....
why israel crossed out from pidun u20..? Can you manage FIFA? or intervention?
"This is this ... after yesterday's G20 no one refused ... indeed it was not Indonesia who invited ... and for the U20 World Cup the Israeli national team was not an invited team either they have the right to qualify because they have passed the qualifying phase ... so far I hope you understand"
"How come it's getting more and more conical that FIFA's reason for canceling Indonesia as the host for the You 20 World Cup is due to unprepared infrastructure not because of rejection of the Israeli national team let alone the tragedy of the award."
"Just for information even though the Palestinian authorities themselves (say) are defended by our constitution in fact they are not questioning and respecting Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup event even though it is joined by Israeli athletes."
as a big fan of the israel football team I was very disappointed not to be able to watch my favorite team perform live at the indonesian u20 world cup
"Following Israel's rejection -> the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia -> football lovers voted for abstentions in 2024 -> the votes for abstentions were converted in part to booster votes for the 2024 presidential candidate... such a simple analysis the point is that pildun was sacrificed for the sake of power..."
"Don't overdo it blame people who refuse Israel to appear at the Indonesian U20 World Cup. #if you're smart blame FIFA"
"final match Indonesia vs Israel score: 2 - 1 thank God finally the Indonesian people fulfilled the constitutional mandate by defeating the Israeli invaders by becoming the WC-U20 world champion."
"FIFA canceled INDI as the host of the U20 World Cup not because of a statement of rejection of the Israeli national team but FIFA knows that INDI does not need football. It needs worship. FIFA knows its citizens are very religious the most faithful in the universe the people of the stadium only the main roads for worship."
"Even though FIFA wanted to help during the tragedy it suggested not to be sanctioned wanted to also assist in all aspects of the repairs so that WC U20 would run smoothly but Indonesia actually threw a tantrum. So I wonder if for example the one who passes is not Israel but Russia will they still refuse for the sake of the constitution?"
if you want to be sporty it's actually not because of Israel or the kanjuruhan tragedy. but the eligibility of the stadium where there are only 3 stadiums that are really suitable for matches like the u20 world cup. The point is that Indonesia is not ready to host the You 20 World Cup.
"I thought the failure of the U20 World Cup was due to Israel's refusal to make Palestine independent. It turns out to be the same. Come on constitutional supporters form a Timsus immediately to go to Palestine to reject Israel."
"thank you for Israel's refusal to go to Indonesia and thank you too for killing our"" younger brother "" to appear in the u20 world cup and congratulations to those of you who have failed Indonesian citizens to enjoy younger siblings "" we are competing in the u20 world cup."
"I thought the failure of the U20 World Cup because Israel refused to make Palestine independent it turns out to be the same."
apart from israel vs palestine. the kanjuruhan tragedy that killed hundreds of people and you guys insist on holding u20 it's pie anyway???
"I'm so sorry governor..the thinking is very narrow let alone FIFA being told to cross out Israel God alone will never cross it out..all the rules/requirements have been followed..what else?..the path of the righteous is protected by God..until your mouth turns israel stays with u20.."
"I agree with Prof.. those who disagree are your right thoughts are also different. There are many other ways for Indonesia to defend Palestine without having to boycott Israel at the U20 World Cup. Indonesia can speak in forums for Palestine. Indonesia is not as strong as Mr. Putin's country on the world stage."
"Israel won? I'm not sure if I passed the group. Only the age group?? Many great players have appeared at U20 for example Pogba Kun Aguero Messi Haaland etc. At U20 it's like a stepping stone for young players who knows there are players shining young indonesian..."
"For the bull cadres who insist on the u20 world cup they must be shaken up read what Bung Karno did to Israel. Don't just take the photos anywhere."
"Bloodthirsty occupiers if FIFA doesn't punish Israel against expelling the U20 Israel team then a double standard should be pinned on FIFA. The statement of the chairman of the Ummah party for FIFA to punish Israel like Russia is correct!!!!!"
The 2 governors who rejected the Israeli u20 national team also spoke on orders from the party leaders right? enjoy party democracy
"It looks like trickery is trying to attract the sympathy of Muslims pretending to reject Israel even though the stadium infrastructure is not ready for the UC 20 match one shot can get 2 targets save Jokowi (certainly because Israel's rejection of the u20 was canceled) and gain Muslim sympathy"
"Refuse Israel to defend Palestine Israel and Palestine keep playing at Pidun U20 we are like heroes in broad daylight... we are really stupid..."
"My inconsequential analysis if you look at Israel's decision to reject Israel at u20 it seems that it was based on wanting to thwart ET's steps to break into this event because ET has a great chance of leveling up if they succeed in handling this big event"
"There are many opinions that the rejection of the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup is a diversion of the issue so that the case of more than 3 RTS trillion being discussed in the Indonesian House of Representatives does not become a trending topic in Indonesia"
"They want to make the rejection of the Israeli national team the big theme of the action designed like the 212 action several years ago whose theme was "Ahok blasphemed religion". The U20 World Cup is a big stage that will be used as the right momentum to move hundreds of thousands of masses."
(fifa has decided due to the current circumstances) rejecting the israel national team is a situation that is a big reason for fifa canceling indonesia as host of the u20 world cup.
the minister of foreign affairs is still missing after the israel u20 national team refused
lazy to follow fifa israel and world cup u20 preferably watching vamells ngdrift
mean by allowing pssi to host u20 world cup &amp; If Israel is a participant then it violates the constitution. &amp; should be impeached. special trial title.. dong.. ha ha ha
"cb read my words slowly I'm just letting you know if someone rejects Israel the reason is this so please understand. What am I really fighting for? It doesn't connect you" "suddenly u20"""
similar to the israeli police who are shooting youth u20 palestine. Note: Photo is for illustration purposes only
the rejection of the israel national team at the 2023 u20 world cup finally made Indonesia fail to become a host even though pssi had met fifa here are 4 confusing facts
"Wow who made this? It's really funny I'm laughing tonight but when I remember the auto sad prompts I don't know if the U20 national team is sad or not even though they should be sad not sad because they didn't take part in Pildun. Israel and FIFA are unfair"
"You have to be consistent. Don't use double standards Governor!!! Waiting for the Governor of Bali to reject the Israeli contingent in the 2023 World Beach Games like in the 2023 U20 World Cup"
"I'm afraid it will happen again that's it.. don't get caught up in this U20 sports event.. the Bali bombings happened again for example this is very detrimental. Considering Israel's arrival in Indonesia it could harm them too (Israel)."
"Well that's right finally I see smart comments from netizens yup as long as Israel is still around we won't be able to hold large international events (which Israel is likely to participate in for example the U20 World Cup the Olympics etc.). The solution is we revise it. Or don't have an event
"If the law prohibits playing at U20 Israel will ban FIFA for life."
maybe this is the first blunder rewarded... but what Israel rejected was not the U20 World Cup... because FIFA can cross out Russia why not for Israel... and why instead of Israel which was crossed out instead of Indonesia as the host.
"Why can other events that have Israeli matches work? Why is it only WC U20? There's also no problem with the ambassador and the press has made a recommendation not to mix sports with politics. If you don't want to why not from the start? How much money time and manpower have been prepared?" what was wasted. their dreams (u20) shattered instantly"
"Now it's reversed if Israel plays the U20 World Cup in Indonesia will the world end? The domino effect is extraordinary stadium renovation funds are hundreds of billions merchants SMEs athletes tickets broadcasting rights etc. That's the economy it's money not leaves."
"Revealed this is the mastermind behind Pranowo and I Wayan Koster's attitude towards the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup"
"So it's surprising that Anies who is pro Israel is why he is still supported by PKS and Kadrun? That means the sound of the cancellation of the U20 World Cup is just an entry point for the fry so that the champion wins. Don't be easily fooled by the PKS and brutal Kadrun"
"We don't brush anything related to Israel. It's wiser for us to sort it out if it's for tourism & sports events it's okay to do business with Israel without diplomatic links. Seeing the disappointed children lose their dream of competing is the same as seeing Palestinian children who become victims. zionist violence"
"Najwa: Israel's green carpet legitimacy for Palestinian oppression"
"Your PSSI U20 national team athletes are true heroes because the Israeli U20 national team has not set foot on mother earth where the Indonesian people highly respect the UUD 45 and the Republic of Indonesia with a death price which the fighters and founders of this country have fought for with soul blood &amp; tears . . ."
that's it. God alone is pro Israel how come now...!! Israel U20 National Team striker is a Muslim...! that's why you qualify for the world cup. takbir...!
"I want to ask about this news isn't it hurt that the U20 World Cup has been cancelled. They are fine Palestine and Israel"
"This attitude is confusing because he is one of the figures who rejected the Israeli U20 national team you have to understand what the consequences will be eeh instead the consequences of being penalized by FIFA admit that they are disappointed. Is this the type of leader who is inconsistent."
"So as a result of failing to host the U20 World Cup we learn a lot about Israel & Palestine. For me they are both just ordinary people there are good and bad. Defending Palestine is as bad as hating Israel. Why? "
really smart
it's time to stop being divided and why we should criticize fifa. the attitude towards the israel football team's participation in the u20 world cup divides us. anyone agrees to attend… via
"Actually it doesn't have to be cancelled if the PSSI negotiator can influence FIFA to make this decision: the U20 world cup remains in Indonesia the Israeli national team can play outside the Republic of Indonesia or be dropped from the play-offs! That's if the negotiator is as smart as the Qatar world cup negotiator"
fuss over the u20 world cup because of the defense of palestine and israel who colonized. even though their disn is fine
"Sir I'm sorry there was a football problem because Israel took part in the U20 World Cup. Fellow nationals were noisy. Even though they were fine it's okay."
There is wisdom in Indonesia rejecting Israel to participate in the U20 FIFA World Cup.
"See Pak Rudy's comment for laughs" "Indonesia gives a blank check to FIFA" "israel prohibited from joining"""
"Not defending Israel... but whether Israel is present or not the Indonesian National Team supporters want the U20 World Cup to remain in Indonesia and the Indonesian National Team to participate."
"If this is punished you cannot play in the U20 Israel will be banned by FIFA."
Israel will be banned by FIFA if it gets penalized by being banned from playing at U20
"Even though it's only a matter of months for the u20 world cup nobar but because of the fuss over the Israeli national team and the defense of Palestine everything is falling apart. Destroying the dreams of the nation's children who will compete and turning off the hearts of national team fans to win together at the u20 world cup."
"I tried browsing about volunteering for the U20 world cup readiness and committees... the result was that the chief executive had just resigned on March 14 2023 and ET just became the head of the loc early in March two months before the event he just changed the chairman. I think Israel is just a drama is that so?"
"Someone asked ""why did Anies remain silent during the U20 World Cup excitement & Israel's rejection?"" Anies supporters replied: ""Indeed Anies has to speak up? He's not a governor or an official. He's just an ordinary citizen." who is anies?"
"Come on FIFA banned Israel so that Indonesia will be the host again if you dare Indonesia should invite U20 World Cup participants to ban Israel don't even go ahead and get crushed right?"
"Israel I've been defended by football kids who said don't mix football and politics because many refuse to play in WC U20. Eh it's openly like this you are really a burden to the world hereafter."
"hello sir along with the people who demonstrated against the Israel U20 national team.. willing to fight for other countries and breaking the spirit of the nation's own children.. I hope this incident will be an experience for us.. &amp; take the time to see this"
FIFA's motto is fair play and non-discrimination. the israel u20 team through selection passes. refuse its presence; accept but may not sing or wave the flag...discrimination.
"fifa canceled the u20 world cup because the countries of central java and the state of bali refused the arrival of the israel national team while nkri floated his decision and sent the head of pssi as well as minister in nkri to..."
"Yesterday before the U20 - it was officially canceled to host Indonesia instead they &amp; the PKS crowd strongly opposed the presence of the Israeli national team playing in Indonesia hahaha.. it's becoming increasingly apparent that these young people have no integrity at all"
"You take a good look at me I'm not in the position of someone who rejects Israel or supports the World Cup but it's still being held I just want to encourage everyone to learn from it especially to U20 players. If it's not good luck don't blame anyone my name is Indonesia. also know"
"What is clear is that Israel and the nomination contributed to the cancellation of Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup. FIFA also cannot just turn a blind eye to the tragedy of the nomination which has seriously tarnished the history of national football."
how did israel qualify for the u20 world cup? even though the ball is not very good
FIFA PSSI Liverpool pays Israel's PSSI U-20 U20 fee
waow.... God's hand is working. lgsng fifa rules tested. will the israel national team still participate in the u20 world cup? we wait
"Indeed it's purely just because Mr. Ganjar Pranowo rejected the Israeli national team right sir which made Indonesia fail to host the U20 World Cup?"
"Poor Pak Ganjar fostering an image that has been destroyed for years due to Israel's rejection which in the end U20 failed to be held in Indonesia."
"May Israel win the U20 World Cup 2023 amen wow."
The buzzer compactly closed the October 2022 event meeting as a reason for FIFA's refusal to make Indonesia a fixed price for the world U20 host..... and selling the issue of the Israeli team was rejected by political figures and strangely the government did not refuse. Do you have a stadium that rejects Israel?
All the cadres and party cadres look at each other... pretending to be the most ideological for the sake of the constitution... Israel laughs and can still play the U20 world cup... we cry and will be penalized... in the future Olga's future will be even more dismal in the international world...
"Idiot you can't differentiate between criticizing Israel as a participant and criticizing the U20 World Cup as an event you can't just use all kinds of opinions just like this case you're busy playing politics you're really afraid that your idol will go down alone."
Did FIFA cancel Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup just because Pak Ganjar Pranowo refused to accept the Israeli national team? not that many of them are caused by recommendations etc. much smarter
"The commotion over Israel's issue with Indonesia's failure to host the U20 World Cup as well as the commotion between Mahfud MD and Srimulyani in the DPR greatly benefited Anies the opposition and the anti-NKRI group. We lost a lot..."
"Because we didn't host the U20 World Cup many attacked each other on the cons brothers and sisters attacked each other pretending to understand the history of Israel and Palestine most of all you know right eee even though we are fighting now the crowds are attacking U20 players who are excessive because of ribbons. black... hee"
"Indonesian problem u20 Israel is like a handsome naughty guy who wants to break up with a girl who he thinks is a girl who doesn't have the courage to break up with the girl and she immediately cries" "ask back"
"don't like christianization 2 members of the israel parliament want those who spread the teachings of jesus to be punished in prison pretending they don't refuse... the u20 world cup is running but"
Is the cc of the tear gas projectile the same as the one recommended? kanjuruhan - u20 world cup - israel
only on stage plangok. Indonesia was penalized by FIFA just because 2 party figures rejected the Israeli team but the government accepted the Israeli team. The buzzer team unanimously rejecting the news is the reason FIFA refuses to approve the Republic of Indonesia to host the U20 World. that's what buzzer money is for.
"I'm sure that if the U20 World Cup happens in Indonesia there will be a volume of demonstrations defending the MUI fatwa against the Israeli national team is that right?"
pakganjar refused to allow Israel to play at U20 Indonesia so FIFA canceled it
Is it true that Pak Ganjar Pranowo rejected the Israeli national team sis? A lot of that is why FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Never mind blaming each other it's better to fix Indonesian football and solve the unfinished nomination tragedy.
"{thread} the governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo is considered to be playing a political gimmick for his attitude in rejecting the participation of the Israeli national team in the 2023 U20 World Cup which was supposed to be held in Indonesia. Now his enormous electoral capital is at stake."
"Release U20 chase U17 to get U17. Later if Israel comes back it will be released again. Indonesia takes U10 for a long time then U5. Early childhood teachers please prepare your students for the UB (toddler) world cup soccer match OK?"
"fifa chooses argentina to host the u20 world cup and israel remains a contestant the initials r are still not clear where to go the link to shop for the Thai joker shirt is below"
Does he really have the courage to make a statement against the presence of the U20 Israel National Team?
"erick thohir opens his voice: reasons for fifa canceling the 2023 u20 world cup in indonesia fifa kanjuruhan israel world cup"
maybe if at u20 the israel team played at jis no one had any complaints
I want Eid like this why is energy wasted for fifa-u20 &amp; I love the Indonesia-Palestine-Israel triangle. don't realize what if you are attacked by this model every year...
Israel has qualified for the U20 2023 already since last year Russia has not been able to play because the federations in the European Union have boycotted Russia. so the opponent gets the advantage of winning Wo when just like that no one tells
"That's great Israel was banned and banned from appearing in the World Cup U20 Argentina and Indonesia was the replacement. Zainudin Ammali was right"
"That means the governor of Bali & Central Java already knew that the U20 World Cup was canceled by FIFA and immediately made a statement rejecting the Israeli team... while diving and drinking water..."
"Israel doesn't have a country land belongs to Palestine it has a flag due to UN services so it can't present its country to participate in the world cup. There are no private football clubs that represent a country in the U20 world cup."
"I'm sure that if the U20 World Cup is held in Indonesia there will be a volume of demonstrations in defense of the MUI fatwa against the Israeli national team and who the demonstrators are is no longer a secret"
"-Rejecting the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup is not political will. Others say it is wrong! -Because politics is a goal then reject the presence of the Israeli national team. . If U70 misses U20 wong tuo is disobedient..!"
"a day after the removal of Indonesia as the host of the U20 world cup this incident occurred. It was as if nature had shown the original behavior of these Israeli people and also FIFA's double standards."
"If the U20 World Cup had continued Israel could have played here but our national team was banned from playing against Israel for the sake of our support for Palestine?"
"Well lha it's true that I said the impact of the recommendations etc. because if you think about it the recommendations show the unpreparedness of the stadium and infrastructure for WC U20. That's why it was covered using the Israeli issue. Plus remember not the word GP and WK said ""according to instructions"" in recent articles
remember fifa is playing a role in diverting world issues. it should be israel who must be removed from wordcup u20
israel still playing in the u20 world cup. Indonesia biting its finger for defending Palestine. so what is the benefit for indonesia? Do you know the estimated loss due to the cancellation of the u20 world cup?
"Too focused on defending Palestine that I forgot to fight for the nomination. If yesterday the officials all spoke out about the original recommendation I really respect it instead of voicing Israel's refusal to cancel the U20 World Cup it's better to voice the recommendation that the World Cup will definitely not be canceled"
since july ..israel qualified u20...the government is worried...continue rioting..cancelled...
really ambitious to be president to the point of rejecting the israel u20 national team for the sake of being angry with Mrs. Mega.
"Kewwwkk the Israeli dog is having a seizure.. it is clear that the cancelation is due to the incompetence of the Indonesian football management regime that caused hundreds of lives to be lost in the tragic tragedy so FIFA does not want to take the risk of casualties from the participating countries if the u20 is held in Indonesia"
"That means fighting for the U20 World Cup to stay in Indonesia but without Israel... that's it..."
just heard the information that the israel u20 national team was removed from the u20 world cup. as a result they carried out an attack on one of the stadiums.... soiii... what are the Israeli supporters' comments....
let's not blame each other for failing to host the u20 in fact fifa's actions are shameful.. only israel's problem. Indonesia is much more honorable if it fails to become the master of the U20
"Indonesia is considered that the current conditions are not conducive as a host automatically the membership of the U20 team is cancelled. Israel has the right to participate in the U20 because they have passed the qualification."
"There is no relationship between the vocational issue and the U20. It is very clear that the reason for Indonesia's revocation as host is a "current problem" which means the Israeli national team's rejection problem.
"It says "current situation" right I'm stupid FIFA didn't observe the current situation where the Israeli national team refuses to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
One thing that Ganjar may not have realized was when he refused Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. he has opened a front with at the same time a mass of his supporters. because the u20 world cup event is one of president jokowi's dreams.
"Erick Tohir: The reason that made FIFA cancel Indonesia as the host was due to (regional) government intervention. 2 governors rejected the arrival of the Israeli national team in their region at the U20 World Cup."
Let's wait does FIFA have the courage to ban Israel's U20 from playing in the World Cup?
the question is why only 2? Other provinces seem to be silent or waiting from the central government regarding Israel's participation in this U20 world cup. to be honest why is this a question for me personally? and not all parties reject Israel's presence or are waiting for the right time
the Israeli team because politically Indonesia does not have diplomatic relations with Israel and also regarding Palestine. If you pay attention there are several provinces that are the venue for the U20 World Cup but only 2 are excited namely the governors of Bali and Central Java and (accuracy) one party
"Fortunately the U20 World Pilala football match was canceled in Indonesia. See how barbaric the Israelis are."
he rejects israel as a colonizer ...not the u20 world cup
"Come on let's drown PKS and PDI which made the U20 World Cup fail in Indonesia let's choose a reward that clearly upholds the constitution by refusing the Israeli national team to come to Indonesia. Mumet or not...?"
"Please comment on the cancellation of the U20 World Cup. I don't know what the real reason is FIFA says "the current condition" is still multi-interpreted. It could be that the stadium is not ready yet and it could also be because of Israel's rejection.
"instant news the reason FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup was because of" domestic polemic (rejection by the Israeli team) and the words ""the recommendation in the cancellation letter meant that FIFA supports Indonesia after the tragedy.
"Yes since Israel has passed the U20 World Cup the government and PSSI must take action even though there are already rules."
"The irony of the motherland is truly ironic. The nation's foundations are too easily shaken. Not only because of different political views inter-religious debates to ethnic/racial issues even with just football the people can be divided."
"ohh so fifa canceled the u20 because the infrastructure and security made by pssi didn't pass the standard test from fifa. so it's not because of the arrival of the israel national team maybe that too but that's not the main factor. to cover up the lack of drambol si et backed up by the pawn si gp et al~"
"I said I want the Israeli National Team to participate or not in the U20 World Cup it won't reduce our support for Palestine sport is sport it has nothing to do with the Israeli-Palestinian dispute so don't just say anything it's cancelled."
"It's normal by the way there are a lot of Israeli fans in Indo I want to watch the U20 national team play bwakakakka luckily it doesn't happen"
so no need for a lot of drama and no need to blame each other. We have to be unified on the issue of Israel so that we are not called a wishy-washy nation. bravo indonesia bravo national team bravo pssi bravo politician who rejects israel
who will definitely be ostracized from the world of international football‼ as a result of the rejection of the israel team in the u20 world cup by mas i wayan koster party cadres and the secretary general of the pdip
"""report sir sir the Israeli father please get out of the u20 world cup amen""."
FIFA uses double standards and defends Israel to the death. at another time they were "banned" by the Russian national team during the 2022 world cup. the principle of the Indonesian state must be above everything. our founding fathers long ago rejected israel.
If the Israel U20 match is accepted when you want to compete you will raise the flag and add the national anthem. Indonesia is considered inconsistent.
"The point is not supporting the Israeli national team but many people want Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup event. On the other hand the support of supporters as a driving force for the enthusiasm of the Indonesian national team players can be directly on the field."
"The cancellation of Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup has nothing to do with the rejection of the Israeli team by the Indonesian people but more because FIFA is worried about the security factor referring to the Kanjuruhan tragedy with unfair investigation results..."
evil 2 governors whose territory will be the arena for the u20 world cup refused the arrival of the israel national team because of their party's direction a successful scenario to make fifa cancel indonesia as host
who blames palestine? I don't blame Israel either. only strange people in my own country that I blame. Thousands of Israelis continued until finally U20 was canceled and then they gave us lessons because of an appointment. where's the brain?
PDIP refused to allow the Israeli football team to appear in the U20 competition which was planned to be held in Indonesia. as a result of the rejection. fifa cancels indonesia so it's a competition rmh u20..do you remember the game date?
"Pretending to be the world cup but the infrastructure is not ready even though it's only level u20 even though it passed because of the give away as a host. It was canceled angry I wanted to blame the kadrun because of the Israeli issue but what can I do it turns out that the PDIP who is not a kadrun is also involved in making a mess it's a mess..."
already agreed 6 governors to sign the u20 world cup event including reward &amp; how come the koster already wants to refuse day.. israel is playing in Indonesia he he he... so...
"cebong blames kadrun because Indonesia failed to host the u20 world cup. kadrun is cebong gangar even though those supported by cebong and kadrun both reject the israel team"
"I also want to vomit it's as simple as that it still has to be taught. Between hosting the U20 World Cup and rejecting the Israeli squad is very different. Being a host is a nation's pride but accepting a plundering country is truly despicable. The mandate of the 45 Constitution is national character principles that are not can be prostituted."
then it is appropriate and proper that the Israeli U20 team is also rejected....
"Still in one context bro? The news is concerning but for a new thread I think Israel U20 will still be playing Pildun."
"First take a vacation Mr. GP try going to Jerusalem ask one of the Jewish Israeli citizens there if they feel resentment towards your attitude towards the rejection of the Israeli U20 Team I'm sure the answer is ""I don't care"" they have a higher culture"
t. reward pramono fifa u20 world cup pdip israel reject israel
"typical keyboard warrior supporting the u20 world cup is the same as supporting israel ?? where does that logic come from. what is being defended is an opportunity for the nation's children to try world teams .."
"Love is rejected sorcerers act. Israel is rejected FIFA is in trouble. It's good that you have been awarded the free u20 world event immediately withdrawn? This is the impact of the PDIP's political maneuvers which are always greedy for power so that it justifies various methods. And in the end the people suffer"
"1. Israel passed the world cup on the basis of sportsmanship if you refuse it means rejecting sportsmanship the world of sports is built on the principles of sportsmanship it is right for FIFA to cancel the U20 World Cup. (fatal) 2. violation of the regional head's commitment as host city (fatal) )"
"We have rejected them but they are repressive to the Palestinians. Why should we be rejected? Is there a difference? It will be a loss for our country bro. And remember accepting the Israeli U-20 football team does not mean supporting Israel in colonizing Palestine. Remember that."
"Indeed those who refused yesterday on average didn't understand football the most hilarious was during the debate on TV One... one of the narrators said why did the U20 World Cup invite Israel all over"
"Who's defending dongok?? I even agree that the U20 World Cup is cancelled!! If PSSI needs to be banned for 15 years let it go!!! It's Israel's business number 2 so it looks like the double standard of FIFA and the Indo government you understand stupid humans?? It's in the brain shallow you"
he thinks israel will be crossed out of the u20 world cup. keep getting sympathy. I don't know
"This is the right title for the photo ~&gt; ""The people of Israel protested to FIFA because they crossed out Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup"""
"How come the constitution is now being linked...just now the GP and PDIP regretted the failure of the U20 World Cup but refused before...big events have already been carried out with the participation of Israel...how come it's confusing for you yo...?"
Preet when the DPR held a world parliamentary conference Ipu in Bali there was the Israeli delegation waving the Israeli flag why did you scream when PSSI celebrated the U20 world cup?
"Imagine Pak Wayan's prayer being answered Israel was deleted by FIFA on wordlcup u20"
Rejecting Israel is just lip service.. inconsistent in making decisions 1. the tragedy of the recommendation but the FIFA U20 WC continues 2. Israel being rejected instead becomes the reason for removing the U20 WC host it's a clown!!
"Se7 continues to support up to the 2024 presidential election after being blundered by refusing the Israeli team to play in_Indonesia which should be a golden opportunity for Indonesia to host the 2023 U20"
"fx rudy's view ""gibran doesn't know the constitution rejects the israel national team"" reads scary. analysis using a psychological approach to the attitude of the mayor of solo gibran rakabuming not rejecting the presence of the israel national team in the indonesia u20 world cup raises a question mark…"
"ha ha ha so whose aspirations are PDIP? The supporters even agree that Israel will play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia..."
when israel and palestine can play at u20 . Indonesia which defends Palestine desperately has even been crossed out as an organizer and maybe can't take part in the U20 event actually we have to be sad or laugh funny
"fx rudy's view that not knowing the constitution against the israel national team reads scary. analysis using a psychology approach ai the attitude of the mayor of solo gibran rakabuming did not reject the presence of the israel national team at the indonesia u20 world cup brought…"
"The goal is to get the Israeli national team out of the FIFA World Cap U20 or want the Israel Football Federation to be banned from FIFA??? or because it hurts that Indonesia has to cancel being the host? Wow remember the recommendation is even worse the neighbor's child number 1 was abandoned by his own child"
"If it's true that because of the rejection of the Israeli team why do you have to go lobbying to Switzerland. It's enough not to participate because an Israeli team is participating in the FIFA U20. The statement is firm don't go begging so that FIFA will hold it in Indonesia?"
do you support the israel national team to play the u20 world cup in indonesia? answer yes ...
those who make Israeli-Palestinian memes and raise the issue as if it was all because of Israeli sentiment yesterday because u20 didn't accept it was cancelled isn't that a shame or not??
"You why are you inconsistent bro. Yesterday you supported the Israeli team's refusal to come to Indonesia now you are even blaming Pranowo for the failure of the U20 World Cup. Don't use your life to spread slander bro. I'm worried that you'll end up in jail again. You're relapsed."
"News is circulating if it's true that Israel is not willing to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because of safety factors for them this is an opportunity to lobby again so that the U20 World Cup can play in Indonesia people want to see how Garuda U20 looks like the results of the give away which competes with the country other"
"Parties that reject the Israeli U20 team and express regret and sadness because the U20 World Cup has been cancelled are hypocrites and cowards! There is too much political drama even football is politicized... it's strange!"
with such disrepair why pay for the u20 world cup. I'm sure young people and football lovers whose numbers reach tens of millions will turn to choosing Anies to become president of Hamas to fight Israel.. it is very suitable for Arabs to fight for the oppressed Arab nation..
"don't mix football with politics hallo fifa russia u20 has been crossed out of qualification because of the invasion of ukraine does it apply to israel of course there are no clowns fifa officials use double rules"
I hope Israel wins the u20 world cup
"This is a FIFA boss rule. If Indonesia refuses Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup then choose another country but the golden opportunity for Indonesian football is darkapppp. FIFA would rather lose the host instead of losing a member :v"
"You know bro our national team can play in the U20s only because we are the host a bonus for the host not because of the results of competing in the qualifying round. It's different from Israel who passed in the qualifying round"
"Throwing responsibility for the failure of the u20 which is consistent with being transparent is at risk of only PDIP even though the risk of being blasphemed by the election is temporarily down the solution has been given in anticipation for a long time and even information on the possibility of the unsafe Time of Israel which could tarnish Indonesia is even worse"
That's why Indonesia doesn't want Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup so it's going to be bad behavior
"fighting for Palestine??? but there was no effect the proof is that Israel is still playing football in the U20 world cup and Palestine is still being colonized while Indonesia can't play in the u20 world cup fighting???? wkkwkkwkwkkwkkwk"
"is there anyone who is pro israel against ""violence"??? is there any proof bro??? yesterday's feeling was just fighting for the u20 world cup host"
"How come there are journalists who have gone global have written books but believe that Indonesia's cancellation of hosting the U20 World Cup was due to Israel's statement of rejection. And there is also a lot of talk about why Israel was rejected."
"Wow as far as I've read it seems like no one is defending Israel's ""violence"" against Palestine just fighting for the U20 World Cup host actually that is the dream of the nation's children. Even if there is someone who defends Israel against ""violence"" is there any proof?"
"1. fifa double standard between russia and israel 2. there is a rule that forbids singing the national anthem of israel and flying the flag so for the u20 brothers who are patient it is better to complete kanjuruhan than to force an election your grief is not comparable to the families of kanjuruhan victims"
"The u20 national team player from Bali was disappointed with the governor who rejected the Israeli national team even though it could bring in a lot of tourists. Here is a message from the u20 national team members whose dreams you have buried: enough first & last OK. Don't repeat it again!"
russia banned at the request of the big football countries you world cup qatar. Meanwhile for the u20 world cup no one asked Israel to be banned except for the host.
"I am canceling my support for Pak Ganjar Pranowo to go to R1 in 2024 we are disappointed with Pak Ganjar Pranowo's rejection of the U20 World Cup against the Israeli national team."
"Wkwkwk even though no one is pro Israel bro yesterday they only fought for the U20 World Cup host and no one was pro against Israeli violence against Palestine. If for example there are those who are really pro Israel against the ""case"" with Palestine is there any evidence his??"
"PKS and its allies' rejection of PDU20 has no effect on FIFA. The cancellation of the draw was due to Koster's and Ganjar's statement that rejected the arrival of the Israeli national team and which made FIFA remove Ind from the host at U20. So if Koster and Ganjar don't make a statement IBD will definitely be the host at U20. u20"
It's been said that it has nothing to do with Israel's ban on playing in Indonesia. Still following the failure of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia it was caused by 2 governors.
"The nation's dream of organizing and participating in the 2023 U20 World Cup has vanished. t. pssi kanjuruhan tragedy israel"
"And the president as number 1 doesn't matter if Israel plays in the Indonesian U20 World Cup"
There is no host for the U17 World Cup yet sir so it can replace the U20 host. Thankfully Israel did not qualify and there was no polemic. so it can treat a little disappointment...
so basically the debate of netizens about the factor in canceling the U20 world cup by FIFA between the readiness of the hosts or Israel's rejection which was the cause has been answered and in fact the factors are both!
Players from Bali admit that they are disappointed and embarrassed about the rejection of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup follow on Google news:
"Israel has been cancelled the world cup has failed why can't even a little of you participate in empathy? You're already satisfied that Israel doesn't come... but the U20 national team friends feel sad because they can't play so use black tires. If can't empathize at least don't talk about it."
"Are the political actors who rejected Israel in the U20 World Cup will be marked by sports lovers? What do you think guys? Share your thoughts in the replies OK?"
It is considered that the negative electoral impact will be felt by political actors who reject the Israeli national team and end in the cancellation of the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
ttumben2 lord cebong refuses the israel u20 world cup.. maybe when the medicine comes..
"I can't imagine if the U20 became. Israel can proudly sing the national anthem here haha ​​hihi playing football continues to celebrate scoring goals. big no! football is just a game. the rest for urg is football it's pepersiban. there are people in bandung who support the national team already Strange -_-"
"The drama the results of FIFA's investigation into the Kanjuruhan event resulted in the cancelation of the U20 World Cup. FIFA's decision was sent to the President/PSSI before news of the Israeli team's rejection came out. This brought down the government and PSSI. Then the issue of the Israeli team's rejection came out as a cancellation effect."
"It's time for a petition to return the U-20 World Cup to Indonesia. The brutal action of the Israeli army attacks the final of the Palestine League Cup FIFA bans the Israel U-20 National Team from playing in the 2023 U-20 World Cup? It's over"
"At the Olympics in Munich 1972 11 Israeli athletes were shot dead by the Black September Palestine group it was alleged that this would happen again during the U20 World Cup finally FIFA withdrew Indonesia as the organizer for the sake of the safety of an independent Republic of Indonesia"
"hahaha.. this is the foreign ministerial regulation the government can still add the u20 world cup specifically (if you want) if that is the reason for the rejection of the israel national team. and the demonstrators do not use this as an excuse because the regulations can still be changed. different from the 1945 constitution the convention is complicated and long ."
"Well it's time for FIFA to write ""fifa canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because the people rejected Israel because Israel is an occupier"" that's hilarious"
"It is said that it was triggered by Israel's disappointment at not being able to play in Indonesia. So Israel was looking for trouble to be punished by FIFA so Israel and Indonesia canceled playing at FWC U20."
Israel was banned because its soldiers shot Indonesian tear gas it's also the same it's even worse so many Israeli victims don't take part in WC U20. Indonesia is also not eligible to participate if the reason is because of tear gas
"At another time Israel participated in the deception in Bali and the madam argued that she led the fraud trial and did not invite Israel. Did Israel want to appear in the U20 World Cup because of PSSI's invitation? Israel is because it passed the qualifications... dumb ahhh...."
and the Bali Police have denied that the arrival of the Israeli U20 team could interfere with Bali's security.
Indonesian football is back in the dark because of political intrigue
"If the U20 World Cup were to be held in Indonesia the words would be different""how come Israel is allowed to play in Indonesia? What kind of country is this?""hypocrisy!!!"
"Really Wayan Koster and Ganjar Pranowo refused Israel to appear in the U20 World Cup because of PDIP? This was what Coach Justin said"
"if Indonesia has FIFA bargaining points: your country has been chosen to host the U20 World Cup government: we are very happy that is what we hope for but without Israel yes our constitution against colonialism is already final FIFA: ok we will find a solution if Indonesia is respected"
"The attitude of the mayor of Solo rejecting the presence of the Israeli national team at the Indonesian U20 World Cup raises public questions. One of the clarifications for this different attitude came from the head of the PDIP Solo DPC FX Hadi Rudyatmo."
What do the Palestinian and Israeli media say regarding Indonesia's cancellation of hosting the World Cup? this is the reaction of the foreign media.. check it out
"Where did you try here yesterday who said Palestine was playing cool football in Palestine/Israel then we were the ones who were complicated ourselves rejecting it? Where did you try here who defended Israel just yesterday when the ramen rejected the U20 world cup? Where did you try here who said football must be separated from political?"
"Really someone brought PSSI yesterday" "Israel can't play in the U20 World Cup? Ask me if you can provide proof"
Of course we all know that the International Football Federation (FIFA) has officially canceled the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia. The reason is that many parties refuse the participation of the Israeli National Team right? hasto kristiyanto
"You don't vote for PDIP especially Sigenjer2 who jos2 rejects Israel U20"
FIFA doesn't care that the U20 World Cup continues with Israel and without Indonesia
"It is lucky that Indonesia did not host the u20 world cup. The eyes of all nations bear witness to the universe. The abomination of Israeli Zionism.. is beyond the limits of reason. The barbarism cruelty.. is the soul.. its politics. Zionism is the great devil of the global antichrist. ."
anyone looking for defense &amp; justification after rejecting the u20 world cup on the grounds that there was a bomb. So when the 2022 scam was held in Bali which was attended by the Israeli Parliament did a bomb explode? rotten politicians from rotten parties do not think !!!
"We are sad that WC U20 was canceled in Indonesia one of which was due to the political attitude of rejection of Israel... As part of the evaluation it is also good that now the parties are stating what their attitude really is including the presidential candidates so that in the future we know how to deal with situations like this "
"disgusted with you rotten politicians... don't wash your hands and divert to other problems this is clearly the result of your rejection of our israel team being removed from the u20 world cup"
"World U20 2023 in Indonesia. The cancellation is associated with many parties rejecting the participation of the Israeli national team. If it's like this it's really confusing. Hasto Kristiyanto"
"Due to constitutional reasons the Israeli U20 team was rejected. As a result Indonesia received FIFA sanctions. Where are the parties and figures who shout at the constitution why are they silent when freedom of religion is suppressed? The constitution guarantees freedom of religion. The constitution is torn apart why are you silent?"
"It is forbidden to choose parties/parties that reject the U20 PDI PKS Pan etc. you seem to really hate Israel what if you went straight to Gaza instead of just shouting on social media"
"The substance: Israel has passed the qualification so it has the right to compete wherever the WC U20 is held. Rejecting Israel to compete is the same as refusing the U20 WC because in this case it has become 1 package that's what it didn't seem to understand from the start. Wis is growing Wis is overdoing it being moved to Argentina how come ..."
"I'm sorry for Indonesia's failure to host the U20 World Cup. Maybe those who shouted against the Israeli team yesterday were happy defending other countries but sacrificing the aspirations of the nation's children !! Hasto Kristiyanto"
"which is being talked about a lot. Indonesia failed to host the u20... what's worse fellow Indonesians from top to bottom cursed each other cursed each other etc. with those who were against the Israeli national team. instead they are looking for dissemination"
"if Indonesia has FIFA bargaining points: your country has been chosen to host the U20 World Cup government: we are very happy that is what we hope for but without Israel yes our constitution against colonialism is already final FIFA: ok we will find a solution if Indonesia is respected"
"a leader who has good character focuses on work and proves it with performance. fifa initials r pssi israel u20"
is it possible with pdip &amp; pks. those who reject Israel's U20 match and football lovers in Indonesia will make the voices of the 2 political parties loud??
"Finally we know that in this case what was wrong wasn't even the Koster but the one who was at fault was God because the Koster had submitted a request for the Israeli team to be removed from the U20 World Cup but God didn't answer"
"I want to have a theology contest with the issue of Israel's presence in the U20 world are we all infidel...?"
"That's good it can inspire ... but the main problem is India's failure to host the U20 Cup and not because of Israeli protests but what's more is the inability to support security if there is a riot in the stadium like in the FIFA letter regarding the awarding station ..."
"Kadrun are happy for Ganjar to be attacked by the public because of the U20 World Cup comments for refusing Israel to play. The stupid ones are Ganjar supporters who are disappointed with Ganjar and want to turn their backs on Ganjar."
"my point: the same as Israel. The government is Zionist but its policies are not always supported by its people even though they are of the same religion (Jews). The Israel U20 national team is not a Zionist army. Only young people play football and among them there are also Muslim players . but never mind."
did the palestine national team resign when there was an israel national team at a football stage? Did the Palestinian state participate in voicing against the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup?
"Speaking outside the context of the recommendation. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs should be the one complaining about it right? If the Israel National Team can play in the U20 World Cup tab. Isn't it PSSI?"
"translation of the letter from FIFA so as not to misunderstand and misinterpret it there is a question: ""if there is no rejection and anti-Israel demonstrations and refusing the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team FIFA will cancel Indonesia as the host???"""
not the other way around...boss? ummah lovers also mark political figures and parties who defend the israel u20 national team
"Basically the rejection of the Israeli U20 team because the UUD 45 prohibits colonialism. Take a look: #Russia attacked Ukraine #Saudi Arabia attacked Yamam so why are they not questioned by the Israeli U20 team? Because of this unwise action the country lost 3.7 t who is responsible?? "
"In my opinion we can argue. Why did FIFA cancel the Indonesian U20 wc because of security reasons the governor of Bali said that if Israel came to Bali they were traumatized by the Bali bombing incident then rewarded the stantmen also for refusing Israel to come to Indonesia."
After the official U20 World Cup event was canceled by FIFA due to Israel's refusal to participate in the Israeli national team two elite PDIP cadres Koster and Ganjar went up to the government because they were the first to voice Israel's rejection of Hasto Kristiyanto
"It's difficult to advance the opportunity to host U20 but feel inferior and afraid of the Israeli team. uhmmmm"
"Well the police and the military seem to understand better if there are reasons for security risks that will interfere with the U20 World Cup. And they are definitely the ones who will speak up not the governors of the 22 from PDIP. It seems that there are still old grudges against Israel not defending Palestine.."
There's been a lot of talk about the International Football Federation (FIFA) officially canceling the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia. This cancellation was associated with many parties rejecting the participation of the Israeli national team. hasto kristiyanto
maybe it would be more accurate to say that Israel was removed from participating in the Argentina U20 World Cup and was replaced by Indonesia
Hasto Kristiyanto emphasized that his party did not reject the implementation of the U20 World Cup but he rejected the presence of the Israeli national team
Of course we all know that the International Football Federation (FIFA) has officially canceled the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia. The reason is that many parties refuse the participation of the Israeli National Team right? hasto kristiyanto
Israel qualified for the u20 world cup because they won 2 u19 euros.
"In their own country the people are digital. What's the difference? Yesterday they shouted a boycott of the U20 World Cup because the participants were Israel who was said to be oppressing the Palestinian people."
According to Hasto Kristiyanto he hopes that FIFA will cross Israel out of the U20 World Cup
it's useless to report fifa it's still a double standard. the israel national team still participates in the u20 world cup
"Israel is amazing. It can destroy Arab countries it can destroy the world economic system the technology is used by the world community including Kadruns & Pak Koster. Now it is destroying the dreams of the Indonesian U20 team. Wow... Israel is extraordinary. padhl they're cool
"Disappointed and really hate those who rejected the Israel National Team to Indonesia because of your actions Indonesia failed to host WC U20 and if PSSI gets sanctions it doesn't rule out the possibility that our football will experience a setback..."
"Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup is canceled Indonesia's status as host is returned"
"This monkey is also rejecting the Israeli national team. It's time for the U20 World Cup to be cancelled he's just scapegoating the reward. Wow wow!"
"Not like that in 1979 the U20 World Cup in Japan Bambang Nurdiasyah CS qualified and took part in competing there. There was no problem because I didn't meet Israel. In badminton as long as it's not the Tomas Cup Uber Cup and Sudirman Cup there's also no problem meeting Israeli players  because it does not represent the country"
"Amies right he (later appeared) supports the presence of the Israeli u20 team mas wowo who is still silent in a thousand languages. Ahaye and Pak Beye haven't heard of it either (miss them)"
There's no need to drama about Israel's problem. The fact is that the country is not ready to host the U20 World Cup that's an overturned consideration
"Remember Ahok's slip? It's because of the slip. You're just talking. Well this GP plus has hurt the spirit of the young Indonesian national team. When will the national team automatically play because of the host. If the national team participates in the u20 selection what is the % chance of passing? The Palestine-Israel conflict is a land dispute isn't it? religion"
"Because Israel went through the qualifications to be able to enter the U20 World Cup while Indonesia only gets a playing bonus if it becomes the host. That's it boss you still don't use reason."
If you yourself agree that the u20 world cup will still be held with the presence of Israel? please answer yes sir...
but in the end they are still participating in the competition right?...they are just talking... different from Diindo's rejection from the regional head of the u20 world cup venue and what's worse the governor of Bali making an official statement of rejection to Israel via a signed letter
"It's really strange to defend other countries like that it's the country's turn to suffer. Rejecting Israel to come to the U20 World Cup doesn't make Palestine free from war but think about how many billions the country has lost to prepare for this world cup think also of the football players who have been training for a long time "
"I don't know what sentence Et brought to FIFA do you still reject Israel allow Israel on conditions or without conditions? Of course FIFA has an answer for the 3 options. If translated FIFA's sttmt is free: I've helped Indonesia if you see it's not worth the u20 world cup
wasn't it because there was a bomb threat if the israel national team played the u20 world cup which was conveyed by the governor of bali bang?
wasn't it because there was a bomb threat if the israel national team played the u20 world cup which was conveyed by the governor of bali bang?
Indonesia cancels hosting the U20 World Cup due to Israel issue? This is Erick Thorhir's complete answer
it's clear in the press conference the cancellation of the Republic of Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup was not mentioned because of Israel's refusal but PSSI's readiness &amp; internal affairs that have not been resolved after the kanjuruhan tragedy
Indonesia cancels hosting the U20 World Cup due to Israel issue? This is Erick Thorhir's complete answer
"Wkwkwk the Kadrun group washed their hands and scapegoated the decision. Even though they were the cause of the cancelation of the U20 World Cup because they refused Israel's participation. FIFA was worried that the conditions would not be conducive leading to riots."
"At least there are things the creator of this tweet doesn't understand. 1. Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup while Indonesia does not. 2. Regarding colonialism many countries carried out colonialism including ksa when the royal family was relaxing in Bali the maker of this tweet was not born ."
does anyone know what the attitude of Mr. &amp; mas about israel &amp; u20 world cup? or is it not there?
"Nguwawur go ahead son" tell the u20 what they came to kill" are people in Indo? They come just to play brother ball many Israeli players are also Muslim don't because you hate a race you continue to be unfair to them try research more brother"
this is the reason why indonesia rejected israel in the u20 world cup!
coach justin conveyed that Israel laughed at Indonesia because Israel still took part in the Indonesian u20 world cup event
"Kmren are all competing to reject Israel right when it was canceled to host the U20 World Cup all competing sadly I love Indonesia"
"It must be admitted PDIP's acrobatics in responding to the U20 World Cup is very predictable. Since the characters rejected Israel until now they want to seek safety by blaming PSSI. It's true the people are monitoring"
"Yesterday I was also angry sir. About the u20 +62 world cup being cancelled. But what was the Israeli team's rejection factor? No! There are many factors the track record of terrorist bomb security and event events that cannot be guaranteed. The proof is that +62 always misses. FIFA doesn't believe in safety."
"Maybe Bali was traumatized by the Bali bombing incident. Israel passed last year 2022 while hosting the U20 World Cup since 2019... a fate is this when Indonesia hosts the U20 Pildin Israel instead passes wkwk."
"There is a problem of inconsistency in decisions it is necessary to further explore the intentions of the parties against Israel in the U20 World Cup but in other activities it's safe what's going on?"
dpp knpi rejecting israel not rejecting the u20 world cup. "the first day of the general chairman of the dpp knpi"
"Israel did not refuse during the qualification and succeeded in becoming a participant in the U20 world cup.. Russia during the qualification was refused to compete by its opponent in the end it was banned by the Uefa.. Russia can play but in the Asian zone.."
"Well... the Palestinian ambassador just said that it's okay if Israel remains in the U20 world cup but why do some politicians and parties in Indonesia burn their beards as if looking for faces and seeking votes for elections from Muslim organizations??? chuakzzzz.. mikiiiir ..."
"It's going to be really hard in 2024 from now on you can see from the ball that you're still hosting at U20 Israel is playing the same as burning the Palestinian issue being crossed out so the host is the same as burning the issue ""how come sports interfere with politics"" the reward is that Koser is forced to be the front pawn duh eman2 sir reward"
"The Israeli parliament then raised the flag in Bali Israeli athletes sing the heart song here too. Israel's mainstay U20 player is a Muslim you know is he a Zionist?"
"The recommendation case was the hand washing move of the groups that rejected the Israeli national team. Because of the canceling effect on the U20 majors so that they would not be blamed that's why the recommendation case was brought up as an excuse"
maybe yesterday what the minister of finance said the infliencer and his friends were summoned had something to do with the unpreparedness of funds for the u20 world cup. the most zealous attack against Israel's resistance groups. until you want to make a movement to attach all the black tape. drama apparently.
"This gentleman is showing his own stupidity the hosts at U20 have been prepared for a long time how come the day of the day is approaching and instead refuses to allow Israel not to play what is clear is that 24 teams/countries 1 package/1 carriage captained by FIFA refused one what was rejected was fifa."
"For example this is what it is it's really happening. The U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Israel can enter Indonesia. Can Kadrun accept Israeli teams? Just asking."
"Just fix Palestine sir. Ask the figures and mass organizations that triggered the cancellation of the U20 host to go to Palestine to fight against Israel. Don't just shout in Indonesia so it will hamper the careers and livelihoods of the Indonesian citizen."
"In the FIFA U20 polemic which is planned for Indonesia cadres actively reject the presence of the Israeli U20 team. There is no sound: reject the Israeli team. After FIFA did the cancellation suddenly they tried to appear in front."
"Even if Israel is removed from Pildun it will not be possible for Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup which you destroyed. Understand.. !!"
""The attitude of the PDI Perjuangan and also the rejection of the two governors towards Israel's presence which then led to the cancellation of Indonesia's status as the host of the U20 World Cup by FIFA was like stabbing the president in the back" said Bawono.
"Look bro do you know when Israel was declared to have qualified for the Indonesian U20 World Cup? Or when did you know Israel would appear at the U20 World Cup? It can't be recently you know?"
"The handling of the case of the Kanjuran tragedy which 'established' the wind that was at fault was the main factor why the U20 World Cup failed to be held here. Safety and stadium feasibility were definitely the main focus. Here the wind was turned in the direction of the Israeli team's rejection."
"Not anymore now I support Prabowo if Anies is the same because there are PKS 212 and FPI behind him who also contributed to the excitement and rejected the Israeli national team which made the U20 World Cup fail."
"We have to be grateful that FIFA canceled U20 in Indonesia because several radical groups have prepared to attack the Israeli team if this happens the world will curse the Republic of Indonesia."
"Indonesia cancels hosting Israel suddenly supports Argentina to become the new host for the U20 World Cup"
Israel can go to the U20 World Cup because they passed through the European zone qualifying route.... which means they can legally and convincingly compete...... that's all don't you understand you idiot
"Don't make a fuss just because of Israel before Israel came it made noise for our nation... pray that the future will be better FIFA's considerations must also be respected without blaming individual government organizations who are considered not pro towards the U20 World Cup..."
"PKS FPI MUI and 212 strenuously reject the Israel U20 national team the rewards are just as stupid as them in the end football fans are disappointed with the rewards their intention to win the hearts of Muslims is even insulted by football fans.."
"We only refuse Israel to compete not asking for the u20 world cup to be cancelled FIFA dares to kick Russia out of the world cup but doesn't dare kick Israel even though it has been attacking Palestine for decades."
that's right.. and the reward is not for refusing the u20 world cup but for the israel team. who if he wins will sing his national anthem in Indonesia..
"Then if the results of the U20 World Cup poll 65% agree and 35% don't agree with Israel playing in Indonesia but holding a gun like that isn't it scary that FIFA is? Yes it's been cancelled."
"Many hypocrites are suddenly senile huh... the other day they were shouting against pildun rejecting the presence of the Israeli national team... how come they are now talking sadly regretting that Indonesia failed to host the u20 world cup"
"Don't cancel the second one it's enough that only the U20 World Cup has been cancelled. Because the tears haven't dried up yet the U20 National Team's younger siblings are very disappointed because their opportunities to act have been suppressed by political interests. The Bali 2023 World Beach Games will soon take place where one of the participating countries is israel"
"God's plan is better!!! 1. If the U20 World Cup were to be... the Israeli national flag and anthem would fly in Indonesia; 2. If the Indonesian national team were in the same group as the Netherlands Japan and Israel and the results were bad... the country was destroyed even more this is in the eyes of the world; 3. this country is not ready yet!!!"
"Of all the statements Gus Yahya's words are most relevant to the PBNU's statement regarding Israel in the U20 World Cup: there is no benefit for Palestine if it's just protesting sleeping protesting sleeping late"
"Athletes from Israel will certainly participate in the 2023 Anoc World Beach Games in Bali 5-12 August. Come on who else are politicians parties and mass organizations who want to continue. Anti-imperialist right?"
"Fifa is indeed political. But why is your rejection less than a month away? Not far away? Why is it only Israel that is being troubled? Even though at this moment the countries participating in the U20 whose militaries have attacked other countries are America Saudi Arabia Turkey too."
"Israel qualified for the u20 in jul22 why is the fuss only now? the khan sudan government guarantees the safety of all participants. how come fifa doesn't trust the government?"
"Never mind FIFA's assessment of the cancellation of the U20 World Cup event in Indonesia is not a matter of the Israeli national team's rejection. The safety of the players team officials and spectators because Indonesia's security is considered to be not good. The track record of terrorist bombings and riots is the cause."
3 players u20 israel muslim
Article link: (read more news in bio)
Ganjar and Wayan rejected the Israeli national team on the orders of the party.... Wayann Koster's statement said that the trauma of the Bali bombing was what canceled Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup
"Understand the problem uncle. FIFA crossed out Russia rather than because of pressure from countries that are members of UEFA. Because if they refuse to participate because Russia is there it's the same as disbanding at U20 besides Indonesia which country or football federation has rejected Israel at U20 ? even the Palestinians don't refuse"
fact. now what's the result? Israel has nothing to lose. israel still playing in the u20 world cup. and Palestine is still like that. then the government loses out a lot of money. umkm was crying because it didn't become an event. hotel2 also winced. and football lovers are already hurt
"Clearly yes. So you can't complain if it's wrong it's wrong it's right it's right. Gosah is looking for justification for something that is clearly wrong. It's tacky! The stimulation of removing Indonesia as host of the U20 World Cup is a rejection of the Israeli national team not a tragedy. Point ."
"I don't understand anymore why this Indonesian leader is so stupid he begs for mercy. How can he sacrifice the people and children of the nation for the sake of 'votes'. Is that a surrender to the position? After all Israel just rides in a ball game and even then oh my God. Not a Jewish leader who came."
if necessary ask FIFA to come and see the atrocities of Israel's tyranny in Gaza and Palestine in general. against Palestinian Muslims and Christians. so the u20 world cup must still be presented in Indonesia.
Ganjar and Wayan Koster rejected the Israeli national team by order of the party. FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because of Wayan Koster's statement... traumatized by the Bali bombing.
"Israel passed WC U20 on July 22 the government has also guaranteed that Israel can play and guaranteed safety. Why is the fuss only now? How come FIFA doesn't believe in government guarantees? How come FIFA is more afraid of certain groups of people?"
"Same sir I also ask for justice... the Israel representative was tricked (the exact age is over 25) he was warmly welcomed why are Israeli U20 children being despised? Why?"
Why is there no one who wants to be honest if early on Indonesia was canceled as the host of the u20 world cup because of religion... it was brought into the political realm after the religious organizations' demo and the statements of the religious leaders... let's be honest... israel palestinia is not a matter of the opening of uud 45 but a matter of religious solidarity
"I agree that PSSI will be sanctioned for 5 years frozen from the FIFA agenda so that the thugs who rejected the Israeli U20 team yesterday will know the consequences of this refusal"
wow kadrun idiot the coach of the israel team is the palestine you are defending. so that the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia because of stupid kadrun2 refusing the Israeli team to play in Indonesia at the U20 World Cup.
"Are you stupid or don't understand football? I'm not defending FIFA and Israel here because Israel passed the U20 World Cup through the qualification process then FIFA was told to cancel Israel's rights it's funny."
president jokowi understands ganjar pranowo and i wayan koster who rejected the israel national team so that indonesia was canceled to host the u20 world cup via
"PKS wants: Israel is expelled from FIFA and the U-20 World Cup will still be held in Indonesia. CC Head of the PKS faction of the Republic of Indonesia Jazuli Juwaini questioned FIFA's reasons for canceling the U-20 World Cup in Indonesia. Jazuli said FIFA must have reasons."
"Wow those who have a lot of responsibility there are PKS FPI and gangs including those of you who reject Israel :) now I want to throw stones and hide my hands. Wkwkw if you don't make a fuss now it's drawing U20 in Bali."
when it comes to humanity the Indonesian U20 national team players &amp; israeli players not human..? where are the 2nd please bro..?
right mas gp also refused the israel u20 national team to come
"your heart is rotten torus apparently it's because there was a riot in FIFA's office that Indonesia canceled hosting the u20 world cup not because mslah rejected israel your brain is really your pig's brain"
very important to know for those who do not reject israel as a participant in the u20 world cup. how do you guys feel
Palestine and Israel can both participate in the U20 world cup. Who's stupid here??
"How does it feel guys after Friday are you starting to forget about Indonesia's failure to host the U20 World Cup? Now it's time to clear your mind. Prepare yourself to accept the campaign"" political parties that reject Israel. If the vision and mission are good we will vote for them"
"There is only one reason why FIFA canceled at U20 and that is because this country is not ready unable to continue. The Israeli factor is just a shield."
even though the u20 team palestine the trainer is israeli... hehehehehe........
"To host the u20 world cup. but fifa is tough lurrrrs! the scenario to attract the votes of certain Islamic groups failed miserably fifa did not defend israel but defended the rules of the game. all teams that qualify have the right to appear in the final round of the u20 dun pill. the novel's class fanfare"
"Info please is this what has canceled the U20 World Cup because there are those who reject Israel from certain political organizations or are there other topics?"
"Who says Indonesia's diplomacy is bad? Wow you are harassing our diplomats at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and UN at the U20 World Cup event you hope Indonesia can use it to put pressure on Israel to admit Palestine? Not significant.."
"ᴾᵉⁿᵒˡᵃᵏ ᴵˢʳᵃᵉˡ ᵁ ᵁ²⁰ ᵏʳⁿ ᶠᴵᶠᴬ ᵖᵉʳⁿᵃʰ ᵐᵉⁿᵒˡᵃᵏ ᵀⁱᵐⁿᵃˢ ᴿᵘˢⁱᵃ ᵐᵃⁱⁿ ᵂᵒʳˡᵈ ᶜᵘᵖ ᶜᵘᵖ ᵂᵒʳˡᵈ ᶜᵘᵖ ᵗᵉᵗᵃᵖ ᵈⁱ qᵃᵗᵃʳ ᵍᵃᵏ ᵏᵉ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ˡᵃⁱⁿ ˡᵃⁱⁿ ˡᵃⁱⁿ ˡᵃⁱⁿ ˡᵃⁱⁿ ˡᵃⁱⁿ ˡᵃⁱⁿ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ˡᵃⁱⁿ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ ⁿᵉᵍᵃʳᵃ
The U20 Indonesian national team should have fought Israel U20
"know ahmed salman a muslim player figure in israel u20"
So the problem is that the people who rejected Israel expected Israel to come out while the U20 World Cup continued whether they really don't know or pretend they're stupid maybe it's because Israel passed the qualifying route
"Sir please just open it sir to be honest why did FIFA cancel the U20 World Cup in Indonesia?... was it solely because of "Israel" or because of other problems because FIFA itself did not state that it was canceled because of a problem" "Israel"""
All world football federations are subject to FIFA rules except Indonesia. Indonesian constitution does not apply to FIFA rules. Indonesia has to think long and hard (including the Israeli issue) before accepting to host the U20 World Cup.
"Since I have the right to vote I always vote for Simulutputih. After the PDIP's statement regarding the Israeli U20 national team then goodbye... OK maybe Mr. Ganjar is suitable to be President of Palestine"
"... I demand that the 11 parties who yesterday rejected the Israeli national team at U20 also rejected the 2023 World Beach Games event because Israeli athletes participated too!!! Don't double standard!!! If that's your attitude reject all events that... "
"Russia has just qualified hasn't entered the Qatar World Cup from several countries" world cup u20."
"It shouldn't fail to be the organizer of the U20 World Cup if the negotiator is as smart as the Qatari negotiator the result is this: Indonesia is still the host the Israeli national team can compete outside Indonesia or get out of the World Cup play-off if the negotiator is not a drama artist"
"Those who want to see the U20 Israel National Team play right when they beat France U20 at Euro U19 you're also good at it dude"
"Indonesians are indeed easily divided at first throwing issues pro and con against the Israeli U20 team then when the event was canceled there was a lot of discussion about FIFA letters eventually fighting over black tape it's easy to collide while driving even though all these problems originate because of the behavior of the elites"
mr president why does fifa trust a handful of people who say they reject the israel u20 national team rather than my president namely the president even though pak jokowi has said that the participation of the israel u20 national team does not reduce consistency the same as
"Because FIFA is not in the realm of discussing politics & security of a country ("in front of the public"). Actually FIFA is as corrupt and dilapidated as PSSI. The cancellation of the U20 World Cup was also caused by unpreparedness even though the appointment from 2019 included the issue of the Israeli national team. "
"Whoever orders it it seems like it's not very important it's useless Indonesia has been crossed out from being the host and the Israeli team is still going to try their luck in the U20 world cup match just debuted in the world cup final and immediately rocked Indonesia"
It's really funny that Indonesia is hosting the U20 World Cup. There is already a rule banning anything that smells like Israel until the regional level before Israel officially participates in the World Cup
"What is clear is that u20 was destroyed because of the actions of the politicians who wanted to gain votes in 2024 where non-Muslims and Muslims only demonstrated their words of refusal plus those who claimed to be clerics who thought it was cool to reject Israel but their brains were short the impact was long...one word gob lock~ "
"The U20 World Cup Pak Fadli will not fail if the negotiator is as smart as the Qatar negotiator the result is this: Indonesia will still be the host the Israeli national team can compete outside Indonesia or get out of the World Cup play-off if the negotiator is not a drama artist"
revoking Indonesia's status as host of the u20 world cup. not because of refusal to join Israel but because of respect for the victims of the tragedy who did not get justice
"will this affect israel in the u20? ohh of course not how can fifa punish his lover.."
"In my opinion the decision to cancel Indonesia as host of the U20 World Cup was caused by various factors of course there is the latter the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team but don't miss the other factors. Let's pray that the next FIFA sanctions will not be too heavy"
"buzzer odgj yesterday you promoted rejection of israel now you blame the gp because the u20 world cup failed because of the gp even though the gp only rejected israel exactly like you've been screaming lately this is mentally ill people"
"There is a stupid governor who invites his people to pray that God will make FIFA kick the Israeli national team instead of the u20. Now look at the prayer and God who is stronger? Yahweh is the winner after all; cluck Allah wailing on his throne. Allah is impotent."
I just found out that the coach for the Palestine U20 team is Israeli and one of the Israeli players is a Muslim named Ahmad Salman. there is a fuss about the matter while the two countries are fine even though WC U20 is a scouting event looking for talented players in the world because all eyes are there
why did you just scream at the u20 world cup.. where did the israel delegation go to indonesia yesterday.. you're just following along you stupid kid
"It's only natural that Indonesia upholds the constitution and its rules after all FIFA also has a double standard dare to ban Russia in last year's world cup but don't dare to ban Israel at U20 this year? Is it fair? This all has the boss's interests"
Want to see the reaction of the opponents of the Israeli football national team at the U20 World Cup do you dare to reject the Israeli team at Anoc WBG Bali or not??? especially the actions of the two characters.
"Inviting you to pray is a good prayer sir how come your prayer is really bad. Just pray that Israel will soon make peace with Palestine & return what is Palestine's rights. In fact Indonesia has been given the U20 World Cup prize but you yourself throw it away without a sense of guilt"
So what do you do with the tender for the U20 World Cup? do you just hope that Israel doesn't qualify? it looks like the government is filled with smart people... it turns out... never mind
Indonesia cancels hosting the U20 event on Israeli TV!?
u20 world cup: media reports cancellation as host
"We defend Palestine because the constitution mandates that not out of self-interest after all yesterday you didn't say that Palestine was okay if Israel played in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia how come you are now making an issue of Palestine?"
he was disappointed that fifa did not cross israel from the u20 world cup.
u20 world cup: media highlight Indonesia canceled as host
"If Israel is not included as a contestant then only the Indonesian U20 Fi World Cup can be won because Israel is the colonial country of Palestine which is cruel and inhumane"
"How can there be no drama? Politicians are fanatical about Islam."
"The short-circuiting of these boys is coming... why don't you blame mui short-sighted 212 PDIP PKS people's parties etc. who are also vehemently against Israel participating in WC U20 in Indonesia? &amp;your brain.. feel sorry for Mr. Anies do you support short circuits like this??
a little enlightenment for Konoha residents and blue tick artists who protested why Indonesia was canceled to host and U20 couldn't play. may we become a country that has a firm and firm stand for what has been determined
"Governor of Bali invites residents to pray together so that FIFA crosses Israel out of the U20 World Cup! Let's pray friends! . Read in full:"
"What do you mean? For example is it true that the U20 World Cup is being held here the TNI and the National Police are blocking the protection of the Israeli national team?"
"the israel u20 national team is struggling to get through to playing &amp; they qualify to play suddenly there are people in indonesia who are praying for the israel national team to be crossed out try to think logically that people have fought then passed then there are those who pray to be crossed out what is the problem with the israel u20 national team personally sir?"
"Of all the wars. Why are you only supporting Palestine? You need to know Israelis also criticize the actions of their country and the U20 National Team only children who just want to play football. Don't carry bombs weapons and the like"
The condition of fair play is that each party gets the same treatment. Unfortunately FIFA still seems to be treating Russia and Israel with double standards.
"U20 have been practicing for years the hope is that they will be able to give the best for their nation not to mention how many years PSSI will be punished? Kadrun's hatred of Israel actually harms this nation understand?"
"The u20 world cup failed to be held in Indonesia because there was a governor who rejected the existence of the Israeli national team. The reason was that they colonized Palestine. Why didn't they hear their refusal for Russia at the G20 yesterday? Or at least they rejected it?"
can pdip join with pks like reject israel u20
"This is what I'm still confused about why is everyone bullying Mr. Ganjar. Even though it's clear that the cancellation of the U20 World Cup is a factor in the tragedy of Kanjuruhan even those who rejected Israel were many other officials but those who were hit by Mr. Punishment"
"There is no Israeli word in FIFA's decision to cancel Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup this is proof that FIFA has no guts against Israeli Zionists they show hypocrisy and apply double standards to Israel"
"Defending something super useless... the Israeli national team still participates in the U20 World Cup and the Republic of Indonesia national team is crossed out."
"I mean like this if the Israel team is crossed out Koster wants to ask FIFA to return the U20 World Cup match in Indonesia..."
at least go ahead with the World Cup.. all that's left is the Israeli passport.. so they arrive at the airport. in trouble .. mentally dropped. then defeated by a u20 player. think smart. not a dark peace fanatic all input. Tempe mentality. by the way.
"Then blame the wind why don't the U20 Israeli team go to the stadium using rantis"
"Just go to Gaza sir who knows you can hold back Israeli mortars instead of badmouthing the nation itself. At least if you take part in U20 the kids and PSSI can learn right? Nothing is instant everything needs a process. And experience like this is expensive. and hard to find again
meaning your family is bahlul... what are the rewards for refusing the ball event??? right no..? he only stated that refusing Israel to play in Indonesia where was the mistake?? it's a statement of attitude...not an intervention. The organizer of the U20 World Cup is PSSI under FIFA... not Central Java Province.
"It doesn't need to be discussed anymore. Since the October 2022 chaos at Kanjuruhan FIFA has no respect for Indonesia. They keep meeting the result is the cancellation of the U20 World Cup. Actually the government and PSSI already know. For drama the Israeli national team is sacrificed to be racist ."
"Hopefully after the U20 event is over Israel withdraws its troops from the Palestinian territories..... dreamyyyyyyy!!!!"
"Central Java is the city hosting the U20 event and Ganjar openly rejects the Israel National Team. From FIFA's point of view this means that it indicates the absence of the full commitment of the officials who are organizing the event. That is the biggest sin of reward!!! I am a supporter of Ganjar not a sycophant for him"
hahahahhaha turn like this PKS throws stones and hides hands. If only the U20 World Cup was in Indonesia including Israel it would be PKS who attacked the government
If it is consistent it must be shown that it is not wishy-washy at the U20 World Cup many are protesting because Israel is participating and in the not too distant future there will be World Beach Games in Bali and Israel is one of the participants so as a form of consistency the event must be rejected as well
There are those who disagree with Erick Thorhir chairman of PSSI and the moment is U20 with the Israeli issue. political conspiracy.
"Israel is not sad he is just passionate about playing football to win. It's even more bitter.. for PKS and the like.. it will be dumbfounded if Israel wins the U20 World Cup. That's God showing me ama PKS.. don't be too hypocritical in front of Lord !!."
watch cnn Indonesia plus minus again: hot ball israel national team at world cup u20!
"How do you prove that you are stupid we can participate in the U20 because the host is not because of different achievements from Israel we participate because of the achievement of qualifying so if the hosts move they still have the right to participate aren't we rich we can't participate"
if I have this view... when the kemenpora &amp;PSSI volunteered to become tr wc u20 (they knew / didn't Israel would participate) and had they socialized the inside &amp; there is resistance from within the country? this resistance that is not calculated? I also just recently found out that Israel is a participant!!
sorry om gray hair... I unfollowed you because your statement about Israel in the context of the U20 world cup represents an attitude of intolerance. I will definitely abstain in the 2024 elections
that's right ... how arrogant the koster &amp; Ganjar officially wrote to PSSI rejecting the arrival of the Israeli team... who are you... without Indonesia FIFA is still going. instead of apologizing to the world of football wabilspecial team u20.
"cheating event in Bali... how come the inter-parliamentary union is surprised that the constitution was violated by the official Israeli delegation the israel flag fluttered the event was hosted by the republic of indonesia the reason for the parliament is extraordinary: israel was invited to cheat what's the difference between the u20 world cup huh?"
sorry uncle gray hair...I unfollowed you..your statement about Israel in the context of the u20 world cup I consider it to be intolerant. I will definitely abstain in the 2024 elections
"Indonesia cancels the U20 World Cup title disappointed Koster asks FIFA to cross out Israel"
the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia did not object to the presence of the Israeli team at the u20 event. but you don't mind. the question is: how come you feel more Palestinian than the Palestinian ambassador...???
"I'm sorry sir why isn't this one banned too sir? Why is it only the U20 World Cup that there is such a mess... Before your controversial statement about Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup I respect and support you now I am very disappointed with you sir"
"So don't get cocky hold on to the constitution before the U20 World Cup there was already an Israeli delegation to Indo. Enjoy the racist results..."
I admire you sir... but why did you reject the arrival of the Israeli national team which has the right to take part in the U20 World Cup in quality? I am really very disappointed with your decision sir... you have destroyed the hopes of the nation's children who want to appear in the u20 world cup
It's better to cancel the U20 world cup than the anarchy of its people to a group of Israeli athletes.
"Why did I say it was unfair when I was cheating in Bali dear madam the delegation from Israel welcomed the delegation from Israel why weren't I protested using foreign regulations? Because of that the princess herself who had a celebration was disappointed that she didn't become the U20 World Cup in Indonesia but this very strange"
"Reject it too. To be fair. The reason for refusing at U20 was because there was an Israeli team the Koster was traumatized by the terrorist bombing again. These are the Israelis who came too."
"Hopefully Indonesia will not be penalized/frozen by FIFA. It is FIFA that has revoked/canceled the U20 World Cup itself the rejection of the Israeli national team in Bali is open throughout Indonesia even though if Bali refuses Bandung is willing to replace it hopefully Indonesia will not be punished"
"You are not aware because the Israeli national team's refusal resulted in the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
"I'm not defending Israel but I'm defending Palestine for the human rights of Palestinian children to be killed but FIFA held one event in Indonesia once in Indonesia poor u20 who defended Indonesia. How was his career? Passion?"
"Those with the Israeli national team are still competing at U20 the Palestinian national team is competing in the Asian Cup. Indonesia is biting its fingers"
let's pray that Israel doesn't take part in the U20 world cup. say the initials w. March funny statement
I want to watch the U20 world cup where the Israeli national team and the Palestinian national team embrace each other and are friends and want to see the nationalist figures who rejected Israel yesterday because of defending Palestine.
"Apparently FIFA's elimination of Indonesia as the U20 host was not due to the Indonesian people's rejection of the Israeli team but because of the 2022 "Tragedy of Kanjuruan" in Malang."
"Opinion. The decision to cancel Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup is due to various factors of course there is the latter the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team but don't overlook other factors. Think fair from the heart. Let's pray that the next sanctions will not be severe"
"List of officials political parties and parties opposed to Israel highlighted the impact of Indonesia canceling the hosting of the U20 World Cup"
"Members of the council are stupid at FIFA are you bodo and mad at all that if that country can't host the U-20 World Cup that's it when will Indonesia progress if it has a constitution like this Palestine which is defended desperately instead supports the Israeli national team to play at U-20"
"Your brain is playing politics the professor class is not of good quality the prof class reads a lot so you know what's really going on there the Palestinian and Israeli teams are playing the u20 world cup you made our team not part of it your mouth is hypocritical playing with words your brain is broken for your champion in 2024."
"If the U20 World Cup is in Indo then Indonesia meets Israel there are a few noisy players the audience will go down to the field. Just admit it our ball mentality is like that."
"I salute Ndoro GP he respects and voices humanitarian issues allowing the Israeli team to play in their homeland is tantamount to admitting that there is a country that is a criminal to humanity. FIFA which should have eliminated Israel from the U20 World Cup is good FIFA's decision respects our country's constitution."
"The point is according to this video: the one who canceled U20 is not Ganjar and GJR has the right to express his opinion/that he rejects the Israeli national team. In conclusion: Ganjar is not ready to become the Republic of Indonesia 1 or RI2 because his insight is different from RI1 now namely Pak Jokowi. That's all ."
FIFA is better off canceling the host than the U20 participants because that could attack FIFA.....Soon the Dbali Beach Volleyball will be rejected again so that it will be consistent from now on it's hypocritical that the Israeli flag has ever flown in Bali
It seems that no one has noticed that PDIP can work together with PKS in rejecting the presence of the Israeli team at the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup football tournament... even though PDIP is a supporter of the government and PKS of the opposition. the team that was rejected still took part in the u20 world cup but the national team was dropped.
"Knives with 2 eyes that refused Israel to join WC U20 one side he has a voice that wants the other side to be rejected by this one"
"The revocation of the host for the May 2023 U20 World Cup for refusing the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team is sure to be condemned by strong European football countries such as Germany Spain France England Neitherland Mexico and Italy (one of the club internationale Milan). added Latin American football countries ."
"There's nothing wrong with Indonesian football even though it's not perfect. What's wrong is those who pretend to be heroes defending Palestine against Israel were dropped as hosts and participants in the U20 World Cup. The future of Indonesian football will sink. Understand Mr. Plt."
"Don't worry those who are blasphemed &amp; are opposed not only but also &amp; other groups that caused FIFA to cancel the Republic of Indonesia from becoming the host of the U20 World Cup please swallow the domino effect raw because of the retribution against Israel in the U20 World Cup"
who then rejected u20 in bali. now asking for prayer for israel to be dropped from u20. this attitude is called mixing sport and politics.
so the Hindu religious prayer for FIFA to cross Israel from the FIFA World Cup U20 how about Bli? can you please share. want to know this. who knows the people of Bali can pray together according to the governor's order.
"Just like in AOT. Marley and the rest of the world think that all Eldia in Paradis are devils. Even though the Eldia in Paradis also have life and they are doing nothing wrong. Just like this case the Israeli U20 National Team is equated with Zionists and murderers  even though they also—”
"If you think about it the story of the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team is similar to a conflict in AOT. It hits the Israelis Zionists and invaders even though in this case it was only U20 kids playing football most of the old ones were coaching staff and all kinds of things"
Last year when Israel passed there was a commotion? mace. right now it's already counting days twoarrr.. so everyone understands uud...just slow it down. If the children of the U20 players are disappointed it's normal... we don't take part in the practice we don't feel it. they struggle in their own way.. peace yoo..
"It's just that we still have to be open minded and wise all these sanctions are the result of the rejection by some of the people and their leaders towards Israel U20 especially the Muslims who are the most obvious in their rejection hahaha"
"Bali Governor I Wayan Koster invites the public to pray for the Israeli national team so that FIFA will be removed from the 2023 U20 World Cup. According to Wayan Koster this is a form of demanding justice after FIFA has eliminated Indonesia as host for the U20 World Cup."
"But it makes sense. FIFA could take advantage of the momentum of the increasing wave of rejection by the Israeli national team in Indonesia as an excuse to re-enter Argentina into the U20 World Cup. The proof is just 2 days after they revoked Indonesia's hosting rights they immediately appointed a new country."
"I think we are not anticipatory. As soon as there is a refusal the president together with the chief of police the commander of the armed forces the PSSI appear to guarantee that Israel is accepted and guaranteed security. This is after the drawing was cancelled the WC U20 song was deleted and the press spoke. The rice has become mush. Fate ."
the rejection of the u20 israel national team by regional leaders sir
Min Mo Rashid I'm so sorry I was attacked by the Israeli military while playing football. Just take it back to Bandung min.
"U20 Israeli children didn't do anything wrong how come you are against? Then bring up the opening of the 45th Constitution.. they are just football athletes not inviting war.. even though they also can't choose where they want to be born.. financial loss up to 5 trillion must be borne by the ri.."
anies baswedan failed to be narcissistic Israel u20 lost the opportunity to find face among Muslims
"Wow you have rejected Israel now Israel is really not going to Indonesia you should be satisfied. From earlier you still wish that if Indonesia met Israel you would be massacred. Get up first Indonesia has not played in the U20 World Cup as you hoped."
"My analysis there is no ujuq"" Koster and Ganjar suddenly refused they were instructed by the chairman of the PDIP Hasto diket mega the mode of spying PKS as a non-politician opponent was the arrival of the Israeli U20 team & organizing demonstrations where "" so PDIP closed the opportunity for PKS with bumper 2 the governor added stabbed the president in the back
"It seems that PSSI has known for a long time that we will cancel hosting the U20 World Cup due to a probationary issue. But because of fear of losing face someone instilled the idea of ​​the Israeli team. This idea is sexy and there are certain groups that are sensitive about this matter this group will later be made a scapegoat "
This is Israel's response after Indonesia officially canceled FIFA to host the U20 World Cup via
If the U20 Indonesian national team and the U20 Israeli national team held a friendly match would you:
"PDIP denies Megawati is sick as a result of refusing the Israeli national team the U20 World Cup is canceled in the Republic of Indonesia"
"The PDIP U20 case is really a blunder why is it for constitutional reasons? Yesterday the Israeli Parliament came or nothing athletes like bicycles are also not good. Be careful if it's not consistent the problem is that the people are now sharp and smart."
I think Israel can join U20 because of what giveaway
"Just explain why Israeli athletes who came before the U20 World Cup are allowed by Indonesia there are no protests and they are still competing in Indonesia??? hypocrites too right Indonesia"
"Those who refuse are stupid and exaggerated it's true that we defend Palestine and don't recognize Israel but this is football...no need to be linked to political issues there is no reason for us to reject Israel as a participant in the U20 World Cup"
"Apart from that there are Indonesian imports from Israel in 2022 and the total trade value from 2018 - 2022. What are those? Come on look at the following infographic!"
when rejecting the israel u20 national team using verses that are very very inconsistent with the arguments my religion is my religion/your religion your religion. weird and selfish
Article link: (read full story in bio)
"I forgot about FIFA it's been crossed out and there's already been a decision for the U20 national team too. Now I hope Mr. Koster will be consistent in refusing Israel to enter Bali. So it won't be a double standard."
"When Russia attacked Ukraine Russia could not participate in the Qatar 2022 World Cup while Israel was abominable towards Palestine and could even participate in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia... this is hypocrisy"
pretektekkk! god-level hypocrite.... right from the beginning you rejected israel &amp; caused a complicated polemic so that FIFA canceled Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup.
fortunately it was canceled to host the u20-23 world cup.. try if you become. fifa will definitely make it mandatory for the anthem and the raising of the israel flag in nkri officially.. and obviously this would violate the constitution and the ministerial regulation. ..
"use it with you"" all the foreign ministerial regulations then what about the parliamentary program (cheating) in Bali?? The point is at the U20 World Cup Indonesia is collaborating with FIFA not Israel. Different legal subjects"
wish the u20 world cup went on. and in the drawing we brought together our national team with the israel national team. then our national team is able to beat. would definitely be far more proud than rejecting them so hatefully. things that short fuses would not think about.
I was blacklisted from the list of presidential/wapres candidates that I chose....at first I wanted to vote for reward but after his statement that rejected Israel's arrival which had the effect of canceling Indonesia as host at U20...I became lazy to vote for him... it's better to abstain
"Indonesia cancels hosting PDI struggles to reject Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup"
Who turned the issue of Israel's refusal at the U20 World Cup to be a mistake for some people actually covering up the mistakes of the government and PSSI in handling the human rights case the tragedy of the Kanjuran supporters who were busy in the western media especially FIFA.
"I'm sorry dear NKRI friends... I'm not looking for justification for the rejection of the Israeli U-20 national team... Of the 3 candidates who are predicted to run... I have no other choice regarding the minimum presidential candidate who is close to anti-radicalism... cc"
"Our Densus 88 is known for its success in destroying various terrorism plans in the country so it would be very funny if FIFA U20 was canceled because there was a terrorist plan against the Israeli U20 team by intelligence?"
"Yeah the current situation is Israel's rejection are there any other situations that allow FIFA to cancel U20?"
Israel supports this country to replace Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup
"Thank you Mr. Ketum for rejecting Israel's arrival with the cancellation of the U20 World Cup"
"If you qualify for the U20 World Cup Indonesia won't be kicked out of the World Cup an instant way to join the World Cup is to become a World Cup host. Suddenly Israel passes the World Cup to play in Indonesia where the law prohibits the raising of the Israeli flag and the Israeli national anthem. Russia dibaned Israel no"
"Hahaha... those who refuse to fight against Israel are too many... but FIFA is still protecting Israel... googling again bro... even Iraq as a participant in the 2023 U20 World Cup is ready to declare that it will not want to fight against Israel. "
laahhhh what's wrong with FIFA and Israel sir????? already don't blunder into the u20 uproar anyway you're the one who is throwing a tantrum
"4. When we wanted to bid 2 years ago we knew that Israel was a FIFA member and the probability of passing was quite open... and we promised to comply with FIFA's rules. Then all the local governors made statements about their willingness to hold the U20 World Cup. Why didn't anyone shout at that time? : pem uud 1945?"
your thinking is even more off the mark...israel officially passes through the qualifying round and you tell fifa to cross out israel's participation in wc u20 does that mean you tell fifa to smear their own face? lick your own spit like you?
In the aftermath of the Israeli invasion of Palestine finally Indonesia didn't allow the Israel U20 football team to play in Indonesia. Isn't that the first symptom? the question...!!! the conflict between israel and palestine is a matter of religion or a problem of occupation of territory??? who understands please comment?
"Interesting idea for PSSI to hold a friendly match between Ina U20 vs Israel U20. Dipapua or Wild Nkri while convulsing the main culprits that made WC U20 fail"
"The fault lies with the central government. There really should be a discourse against the Israeli national team. The president should gather governors especially those whose regions are the organizers to make a statement on the government's position in supporting the U20 World Cup so it doesn't turn into a wild ball."
"chaotic u20 world cup! -a- this u20 world cup is a victim of domestic political ridiculousness. pks rejecting the israel national team is already like an "obligation" for them. but imo pdip is trying to increase their electability here. rejecting the israel national team with the hope (cont)"
"It's really easy to talk about political decisions... what about the con that was also attended by an Israeli parliamentary delegation? It's right if you want to refuse because it's related to politics? Was the U20 WC olga or politics? There are already many who don't trust you sir. it's just an image."
That's why if you protest against Indonesia canceling the hosting of the U20 World Cup. Protest to FIFA please. Not to the Indonesian people who reject Israel. Because the fact is FIFA is the one who mixes football with politics.
now what is shouting against israel? mission completed kills the future of the u20 national team and sanctions ranging from mild to severe await the children of the national team who do not understand politics get political victims immediately washing their hands is the same as the perpetrators who killed 135 people who were appointed &amp; the culprit is free
"Please note Israel will play in the U20 World Cup and Palestine will play in the Asian Cup. Indonesia? are playing drama insulting each other losing materially waiting for sanctions and many more.."
"The main thing is drowning those who refuse the Israeli team to compete in Indonesia for the U20 World Cup if there is no presidential candidate who is steady in your heart don't vote abstain. That's just making it a hassle. What we see is good it destroys young people's dreams what we see is ugly on the outside not necessarily bad on the inside too right in the future"
"Russia was banned because of the country"" in Europe asked Uefa to expel Russia &amp; FIFA agreed. Israel wants to be kicked out of the U20 World Cup without even 1 country refusing &amp; that's impossible... so it's very different!!! !"
"Try to mention in detail FIFA's statement that canceled the U20 World Cup because of the rejection of the Israeli national team don't speculate bro"
"The difference is that Argentina doesn't qualify for the U20. If you want to host you might try to marry off the senior and junior cups.
"Even though Indonesia was canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup we appreciate the efforts of the PSSI chairman to lobby FIFA following the controversy over the participation of the Israeli national team. Thank you sir"
"Wkwkwk it's not killing dreams admin let's try for them to qualify for the semi-finals of the U20 Asia Cup without giving away they will still compete wherever it is held. As if this was due to the refusal of the governors of Bali & Central Java and elements of society towards Israel. The elephant in the national team's eyes is nowhere to be seen"
"No need to be racist sir! Without fanfare rejecting the Israeli national team even Indonesia has been removed from being the host of the WC U20 by FIFA. Because of the FIFA team's investigation of the nomination and history of security it was easy to miss a terrorist bomb. FIFA always looks for a safe place for its events. "
"Pak Pres and Netijen said that football should not be mixed up with politics and blah blah blah which is because Israel refused to participate in the U20 World Cup. But yesterday's Pildun Russia was disqualified wow that doesn't mix up the name??? Israel's problem isn't it? just religion guys but ham."
"Hey idiot if Israel hinders Palestinian athletes... indirectly those who refuse also hinder the U20 national team children from playing in the world cup... think with your brain not your knees"
"then argentina won the u20 world cup because they were motivated by their senior national team. then the most palestine comment won because *assisted by indonesia* who dared to reject israel."
sorry for commenting sir volunteering to host a world-level event means that you have to be ready to accept all countries including Israel (UN member country).
"List of officials political parties and parties who oppose Israel highlights the impact of Indonesia canceling the hosting of the U20 World Cup | Indonesia Rank 1 is excessive 2.5 m World Cup"
"Sir don't make bullets unclear. For the sake of humanity? Where are the humans.? Are the U20 team's children not human? Their dreams have been dashed because Indonesia has been canceled as host. Don't PDIP and its cadres feel guilty for participating in rejecting the presence of the Israeli team"
Anies definitely rejects the Israeli U20 soccer national team playing in Indonesia!
"For us at this time it is those who rejected the Israeli team which resulted in the U20 World Cup failing in Indonesia they are our enemies at this time including Ganjar and PDIP"
struggle or tyranny of the nation sdri? in fact the greatness of Palestine through its ambassador legitimizes the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team.
"Palestine doesn't have a problem with Israel's participation you guys are stupid and you took the U20 World Cup yourself it's just sports what was more dangerous was last year's fraudulent event in Bali the political and economic nuances were thicker... why are you silent... hypocritical &amp; really stupid"
"Sir frankly I am disappointed sir with you rejecting the Israeli national team which has an impact on Indonesia not being the host of the World Cup event and the fate of our U20 national team friends who don't know how to do it now. So far I really really admire you. Greetings sport not politics."
think of rejecting the israel team but not rejecting the u20 world cup maybe or not? thinking!!!!!!!!!!
The U20 World Cup should still be held in Indonesia without the presence of the Israeli national team. but there is another obstacle namely the event of the right
"Disappointed at first yes but I want to see what it will be like in the future I personally believe Mr. Ganjar has no problem with the Israel team playing in the Indonesian U20 I hope this country will no longer play sara politics making Palestine a toy and an excuse to seek sympathy and power."
"use the pretext of the 1945 UUD. Indonesia also has a Pancasila ideology. Please 5th. Social justice for all the people of Indonesia. By rejecting Israel and canceling the U20 World Cup. Is it fair for the people and the country? No! If Israel comes and continues to hold elections what is our UUD policy? suddenly changed? no! sook jwb!"
it's a shame that the bullshit seems even more obvious haha.. we accept israel athletes in other sporting events there is a trade relationship. sir please teach him this it's sad I see my party is getting irrational like this dude just Palestine support israel rights u20
"you 20; republic of indonesia vs israel diplomacy test the result is the republic of indonesia was crossed out as the organizer of the u20 world cup which won israel hopefully in the future the republic of indonesia's international diplomacy will come out victorious"
"How come Indonesia is ready can Israel cancel the U20 cup match Israel is a member of FIFA and how come Indonesia has no right for Israel to compete in the du20 cup the counterattack hit itself too"
negotiations with the foreign ministry failed. In the end the Indonesian government accepted the regulations from FIFA and Israel had to take part in the U20 World Cup.
"Congratulations to Argentina for replacing Indonesia as the host of the U20 I hope there are not 2 caper governors who say they are afraid of a bomb and reject Israel yeah.. we have the opportunity of a lifetime to watch the world cup close to the vanished house..."
"For example if it's the U20 World Cup Israel is playing of course the supporters will come here right there are lots of rejections there will definitely be lots of demonstrations not yet hardline Islam the possibility of rioting is big the safety of Israeli players/sporters is at stake this might be an international issue the state and PSSI also lost"
Later when the World Beach Games Israel will have a boss... in August 2023 in Bali...?? I'm waiting for a response that rejects Israel at the U20 World Cup.
"2023 joke reject Israel and hope that it will be crossed out of the U20 World Cup uh instead Indonesia is crossed out to host the U20 World Cup"
"Now the Palestine &amp; Israel National Team will prepare for the U20 World Cup in Argentina. Great y'all humane?? !!"
Will there be bosses at the World Beach Games Israel... in August in Bali...? I'm waiting for the response that rejects Israel at the U20 World Cup to come.
"with this political decision hopefully after the u20 event is over israel will withdraw its troops from the palestine region ..... dreamyyyy !!!! politicians don't understand politics !!!!"
"One of the causes of the failure of the U20 national team and Indonesia to hold the U20 World Cup was because of Mr.'s words about Israel's refusal to compete in Indo.
"It could be.. they deliberately made an act of rejection of Israel such movements and deliberately embarrassed themselves for the Indonesian people.. in order to cover up Indonesia's omission from hosting the U20 World Cup due to inadequate facilities and accommodations.."
jemawa felt that the party that won the election rejected the presence of the Israeli national team in the PD-U20. the funny thing is when fifa canceled Indonesia as the host of the pd-u20 and was beaten by millions of netizens they were suddenly (pretended) disappointed. all of that is done for the sake of electability!
"with this political decision hopefully after the u20 event is over israel will withdraw its soldiers from the palestine region ..... dreamyyyy !!!!"
Party cadres shouldn't talk a lot about sensitive issues...so as not to get rowdy...the PDI.P voter survey wants the U20 World Cup to be held...and the religion-based party survey refused...the arrival of Israeli players...because the current generation doesn't care about the future constitution Then..
If Israel's rejection is written it's complicated bro. but still the peak of the problem of Israel's rejection. For the sake of security and the smooth running of the tournament FIFA's decision has been made. see several Indonesian football tragedies with destroyed handlers. pildun u20 could be more horrifying than kanjuruhan if forced
u20. really protested about Israel's participation. religious reasons. I've been taught to hate Israel/Jews from childhood. the minister / general secretary before leaving already prayed. people really believe in god on his side. eeeh fifa doesn't want to be on the Indonesian side. it's still cancelled.
Later when World Beach Games Israel will have a boss...!! August in Bali.....we are waiting for the response to Israel's refusal to come for the U20 World Cup.
"There is politics from both sides. Indonesian politicians are still far behind in this matter the issue of Israel Palestine has nothing to do with sports. The holding of the U20 World Cup Indonesia won a lot from an economic point of view. If it fails like this it will be a loss for Indonesia."
ok. viva you call fake. Try to show authentic text that FIFA canceled the WC U20 event due to the rejection of the Israeli U20 team.
But the lizards who support him are the masterminds of the protests against the participation of Israeli football athletes in the Wcup-U20. don't brainstorm first these are the lizards
"You are stupid rooted what the Israeli national team rejected is not the U20 World Cup stupid"
"Apart from the hundreds of billions of dollars (the GPP can be used by the nation's children to become sports facilities) question: from the beginning didn't Indonesia already know that Israel passed the U20 World Cup right? We should have backed off when we found out that Israel had passed because it quickly collided with the constitution and had no power control other countries."
mamat alkatiri brought in the indon - israel foreign ministerial regulation to make it the basis for arguments against israel against indo. It's also funny that bilateral rules are included in international scale events like WC U20
"Thanks for the correction sorry for the mistake. I ask the Viva Media Editor for clarification. I personally empathize with the Timu20 teams for their determination or hope to defeat the Israeli U20 team. Freedom!"
"Israel's rejection is also based on humanity even though it's an international matter. The national team is not a political vehicle it's different from clubs. The country will not progress with Israeli-Palestinian doctrines. Hopefully Palestine Israel & Indonesia will continue in every U20 even in one group! Greetings of sportsmanship "
Will the WC-U20 compensation be weakened after the Israeli case?
better pray for israel to become u20 world champion
One of the highlights is the Governor of Bali I Wayan Koster. Koster had written to the minister of youth and sports refusing the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 World Cup.
"Koster said that he also didn't expect FIFA to cross out Indonesia from becoming the host for the U20 World Cup. His attitude of rejection was solely against the Israeli national team not the U20 World Cup event as a whole."
"After the U20 World Cup and Israel didn't play what was the next step for the people/organizations who criticized Israel yesterday?"
It was those who refused yesterday maybe they don't understand how public diplomacy at the U20 World Cup can be used to send a message to young Israelis to immediately make peace with Palestine
"Hmmm like this. Israel has already qualified for the finals of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. According to FIFA rules it is difficult to cross out. Russia? Has not qualified for Qatar. Still has to play in the playoff phase. So it's easier to be rejected read prevented to Qatar. "
"Wrong upbringing no respect for the country's constitution as if the world was coming to an end because they didn't take part in the U20 World Cup. If those who played before were banned by Soekarno against Israel they might insult Soekarno. "
"It's not PSSI's fault it's a shame that Israel has passed the U20 World Cup. You don't have to pretend to "shatter your dreams" It's okay it's still wet"
Israel supports Argentina to host the U20 World Cup replacing Indonesia via
"Only Malaysia was massacred 0:5 yesterday uh I want to play at the U20 World Cup from the host's prize it's canceled as if it's the end of the world... blame those who reject Israel think you're asking for the lives of 135 people who are being asked for... is there anyone who is in jail or not the culprit? Thank God it's been cancelled"
"regret ya koster you made the wrong decision?! next time be friends with israel. now just keep dreaming dream... the u20 world cup is back again... dream"
"cancelled from hosting the u20 world cup pdip with rewards and koster as a striker against the israel national team built a narrative of the disappearance of the u20 young talent's dream... it turns out that the causality met in ""the wind can't read"" understand ora son"
i don't like the statement about israel at u20 but. honestly 2024 we have no choice. the term is bruised tomatoes among rotten tomatoes. my ideal choice is for my ri-1 as he is consistent to date &amp; brave
"There are 22 countries that have passed the U20 world cup. Please lobby them for an Israeli boycott... who knows you might want to join the boycott so that FIFA will ban Israel."
the israel u20 team competed in indonesia because they passed the u-20 world cup qualification held by fifa
i don't like the statement about israel at u20 but. honestly 2024 we have no choice. the term is bruised tomatoes among rotten tomatoes. for me my ideal choice is for my ri-1
"Indonesia removed as host of 2023 U20 World Cup Israel gives support to Argentina"
"the striker for the israel u20 national team is an arab muslim ahmad ibrahim salman"
"In order not to be ashamed before the world public our judicial system has collapsed the cancellation of hosting the U20 World Cup is the most sensitive issue rejecting the Israeli National Team as a selling point for mainstream media while covering up the collapse of the Republic of Konoha justice system"
"against the background of the jargon ""separate football from politics" the israel case at wc-u20 became an arena to bring down one presidential election candidate's why and raise another's why. hypocrisy of pssi"
"Politically the reason is that our constitution is anti-Israeli policies which are called Zionists. But u20 is sport not politics. But some say that sport cannot be separated from politics. That is the problem. Because it is connected with political issues rejection arises."
"Israel should have been given harsh sanctions as a result of this event. Strike Israel out of the U20 World Cup.
"Accepting the Israeli football team as one of the participants of the u20 world cup which legally qualified does not immediately make the Republic of Indonesia a country that is on the side of colonialism. ""don't let your hatred for a race push you to act unfairly."""
"It turns out that the governor of Bali sent an official letter refusing the Israel U20 national team ""to play in Bali"" once again playing in Bali on March 14 to the Menpora. The question is... why didn't the Menpora and PSSI immediately anticipate by lobbying FIFA as they did? Qatar?"
FIFA is already a double standard so what? then the ones here follow the double standard? Other Israeli athletes can enter but not the U20 team? Don't point at other people if you do the same yourself.
"Cancelling could also be FIFA's obligation to protect other participants in this case the Israel National Team so don't pretend that our country is the main center and the national team will also participate in the competition because it is the host a rare chance even though U20 is not counted in terms of prestige"
"The government of the Republic of Indonesia through the PSSI must formally file for Israel to be banned from the U20 World Cup because of the practices of occupation murder deprivation and apartheid that their government has carried out for decades against Palestine"
"But Palestine doesn't care that's funny too. The Palestinian parliament doesn't even have a problem with the Israel U20 national team. How come other countries are so pretentious"
"You shouldn't apply to host international events of any kind including the U20 football event because Israel is recognized by the United Nations as a legitimate country and a member of FIFA"
when there was a governor and some people who refused to allow Israel to come to Indonesia until FIFA decided to cancel the hosting of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia can all of those who refuse to fix this after the president and national team have prepared everything...?
Israel which was boycotted continues to play in the U20 World Cup. palestine defended playing in the asian cup. Where do Indonesia play?
the pinnacle of a career for a footballer is appearing in the world cup especially if you can win but for some Indonesians the pinnacle of Indonesian football is when it succeeded in refusing Israel to play in Indonesia and the status of hosting the u20 world cup was revoked by fifa
latest news: pdip action against israel at world cup u20 called
"The owner of the u20 event FIFA the RI/Jokowi government asked to be held in RI FIFA agreed. So the FIFA rules apply not RI. Suddenly political parties get involved don't want to be outdone by goals. Those who are ready for demonstrations. This is the business of the central government. If you want to refuse why not when Israel passes in June '22"
"isreal's weapon of resistance: ""wc u20 was canceled not because of israel's refusal but the tragedy of the recommendation that was the cause"" is the same as stupid.
For what reason does this country accept / laugh at defending the Israeli U20 national team invaders playing in this country? political? religion? humanity? listen to ust felix siauw's explanation so that your humanity returns.
wish he didn't reject his israel..... banished from the u20 world cup. Indonesia will still be the host. if like this. it means drakor
"If there is a wrong attitude with my consistency in rejecting the Israeli team so that it has the effect of canceling the WC U20 I apologize I hope that the struggle against Palestine does not become dim. What orders us to defend Palestine is our religion our humanity. We must believe!"
"Yes let it be a lesson for smart officials. If you make a public statement think about the effect. The intention of the imagery is to reject Israel the result is that the nation itself is rejected by FIFA from participating in the U20 World Cup. Nowadays you want to refuse guests so use a "smooth" strategy " that's it"
"This prayer is true isn't it? Oh Lord Widhy Wasa you Lord Vishnu who stretched out on this earth made a place to live for people. Make Israel crossed out of the FIFA World Cup U20. Amen."
what is i wayan koster's religion?&amp;nbsp; profile and biodata of the governor of bali who rejected the israel national team in the u20 world cup
"The decision to host took place in pre-qualification. So I don't know who will qualify. And it just so happens that Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup for the first time. Before talking it's better to do some research first."
"Do you think the place has been moved and the Indonesian National Team can play Indonesia can take part in the U20 World Cup because the host is not because of their achievements in qualifying it's different from Israel they passed because of their achievements"
"If he becomes president in the future his childish attitude and 2-footed politics can be seen this can be dangerously childish; rejecting the Israeli team but still wants the U20 to be held in 2-foot politics; siding with the people but also obeying the wishes of the party"
"then fifa is confused.. ""don't worry the u20 world cup is already in israel. if you want to come let's go it's okay. it's a hassle"" said fifa"
mr.
"this is true ngga min: om the lord widhy wasa you lord wisnu who stretched out on this earth made a place to live for people. make israel crossed out from the fifa world cup u20. amen."
"Collect the mou along with the potential losses due to the failure at u20 thrown in the face: governors parties party signatories heads of mass organizations etc. refusing Israel's participation."
"Yes that's right. If it's the one who lobbies FIFA surely the U20 World Cup can be held in Indonesia without Israel."
This country's official contains comments that radical radicals continue to want to hold the U20 World Cup event? well FIFA is also horrified when Israel rejects it... especially those who reject it from the party and regional officials...
Min a Hindu prayer for FIFA to cross Israel out of the U20 world cup how about it admin? Your governor asked you to pray like that.
all of that there is a scenario from FIFA that the U20 qualifiers that win the Israeli club can enter while when Indonesia is chosen to be the host the Israeli club still participates in the qualifications for sure Indonesia doesn't have strong sponsors so much pressure is placed on the Israeli club to be bandded
"Let's try to beat the Israeli national team in the U20 cup surely our nation will be proud."
"Look logic is also used when was the last time Merah GP and their relatives supported Palestine from Israeli occupation why did the U20s want to start at the last minute and then the Korans rejected Israel on the grounds that they rejected the colonialists?"
"They are proud of Indonesia. The Indonesians themselves feel inferior.. u20 israel fifa"
"Succeeded in thwarting U20 in Indonesia a/ succeeded in defending Palestine? Defending Palestine via political &amp; diplomacy Indonesia must immediately open diplomatic relations with Israel hold marathon talks with Israel. So in the future there will be no more events (there are participants from Israel) be a victim."
If u20 won israel baksl it's even funnier
"I think Indonesia already knew long ago that FIFA canceled Indonesia from hosting the U20 so we are looking for a scapegoat for Israel's refusal as an effort to obscure the impression that the tragedy of the award was indeed a reflection of Indonesia's unpreparedness to become the host."
Was there a previous exco role in the Israeli issue until the U20 was cancelled?
"Now like this why are the Palestinian U20 trainers Israeli? Isn't that slow stupid. You pretend to be smart but are blind to data. Take care of your household there"
"The U20 World Cup in Indonesia has been cancelled! Israel continues to play for the U20 national team. Carrying luggage back home the dream of playing in the World Cup is just a dream.... Reward Koster PDIP PKS and Kadrun2 win !!! Old-fashioned!"
when the parliament held a world parliamentary conference there was an israel delegation waving the israel flag in the parliament building why did you scream when the u20 world cup was held reject israel cen jiancook njegog think hard
"The question is what if Israel always enters the U20 World Cup? Do you think Indonesia will permanently not participate in the World Cup?"
"Palestine advances to Asia Cup Israel U20 World Cup. Indonesia bites the bullet"
when the DPR held a world parliamentary conference there was an Israeli delegation waving the Israeli flag at the parliament / DPR building why did you shout at the U20 World Cup when you rejected Israel cen jiancok ngehe
PSSI just sue them those who made noise who initially refused the Israeli National Team to come to the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because of their actions FIFA canceled
It's not legal.. your mindset is above... 6 governors have signed the agreement.. then 2 rejected Israel.. then U20 failed to be implemented in Indonesia.. you think that's right.. I'm from Central Java...
"Israel and Palestine compete at U20 Indonesia bites its fingers just because of the hypocrisy of people who are said to be religious Israelis and Palestinians have been created to fight all the time.."
No need to be sad Pak Erick... who told you to reject Israel's U20 that's just the football team not the missile team
"According to me the essence of the release that /due to the current circumstances/ means: change of place for u20 considering the October 2022 tragedy ... the rejection of the Israeli national team is not the reason for canceling Indonesia as a place for the u20 match."
those who most zealously rejected the arrival of the Israeli national team and who were most pleased with Indonesia's cancellation as host of the U20 World Cup were intolerant groups. Don't let intolerant groups rule the nation. keep supporting Ganjar Pranowo as R 1
FIFA U20 is still being discussed because of what? reject israel 70% of indonesian people are supporters of palestine who is responsible for israel's security in indonesia???
Israel knows it got away...we don't care. Mr. of this PDIP. you should...you already know there will be a worldwide u20 team...including Israel‼ there is no need to defend Koster who is participating...and Israel's objections are participating on March 13 2023. blaming the lobbyist...the foreign minister...inafoc.. ..
lobbying fifa so that the israel national team doesn't play at u20 is that okay? Now FIFA is moving the U-20 host and maybe it's our national team that has been crossed out.
your lie went too far. lying usually happens because many people don't know about this incident.
Now the focus is on 1. Rewards 2. Koster 3. U20 players after the Palestinian ambassador said that Ina should follow FIFA rules. I've moved from Palestine vs Israel to the effects of the three parties' words above.
"There is already a drawing schedule in Bali the event has actually been made. Only those who oppose the Israeli U20 team are looking for reasons not to be blamed"
"Some were agitated restless and cranky because Anies didn't want to join in the frenzy of rejection of the Israeli team at the U20. So they made slanderous memes as if Anies supported the Israeli team at the U20. Anies is still Anies with his character that charms all sane people."
ndut..ndut..an admirer of terrorists who likes to make hoaxes. not an admirer of Israel but regrets the loss of the opportunity for the u20 national team to play in the world cup. is it permissible for Israeli parliamentarians to be admitted to the swindle event in Bali? Is it forbidden for children to play ball? if the terrorists are supported by NDUT?
"Mas Gangar I don't need to make any more comments about the U20. It's better to just keep quiet it's not affecting those who are disappointed with the rejection to the Israeli National Team"
Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup in July 2022... there should have been a commotion during Israel's qualifying... not during injury time... Mak Bull was angry because he wanted to use the GBK stadium it wasn't allowed... shooting targets et &amp; jokowi
the average who shouted at Israel who made a recommendation story as the reason for the cancellation of Indonesia as host at U20. the narrative of washing the hands of the bastards.
"It's like a child talking doesn't know the consequences of what he said. FIFA was also disappointed lha wong at the beginning ""agreed to be a U20 event"" eh when Israel joined """we refused". walk?"
"israel's earthquake that used to be hare2 so it is the front to defend mengbal ... the basis of the virtual world. even though it is overworked children aged 6 - 20 years old are calm they are playing and playing with explosives like hell."
"March 2022 the IPU meeting was in Bali the Israeli flag was flying there but they were silent in that case it was a political activity the right moment to protest Israel. Why when the U20 Israeli football team came and the cadres refused???"
Never mind boss just accept the fact that the U20 world cup has been canceled by FIFA. No need to dig into history and narrate that Israel is a very good nation. pretlahh...
Sir it's absolutely not a problem if Israel plays in the U20 world cup Indonesia?
"It turns out that U20 did not play in Bali not because of Indonesia's rejection of Israel but because FIFA is still traumatized by the Kanjuruhan tragedy."
so find out before making a statement. I think Israel's rejection has no impact on the U20 World Cup title. regret is no longer useful everything has happened.
"If I may attack Israel on the Gaza Strip... don't just give statements that make FIFA remove the host for the U20 World Cup from Indonesia sir"
If FIFA discusses Israel's polemic at the U20 World Cup it's tantamount to suicide! In the end the Kanjuruhan tragedy was used as an excuse to cancel the Republic of Indonesia so the host was just a warteg!
"If only the negotiator was as smart as the Qatar negotiator the result would be: the u20 world cup would still be in Indonesia the israel national team could play outside Indonesia or get out of the u20 world cup play off if the negotiator was not a drama artist and a flower maker!"
"The essence of the cancellation of the FIFA World Cup U20 in Indonesia is not a matter of the Israeli team's rejection but a problem of weak security. Because this event is an example and has been seen by people all over the world the FIFA investigation team is actually afraid of Indonesia's brutality."
The mouths of politicians cannot be fooled it is enough that the support of millennial youth for the party that rejects the U20 Israeli team is here. ..
seek justification by comparison. why are the sporting events where the Israeli state political parties were absent? now u20 just fried? Try asking and comparing starting from there boss. don't just look for item goats.
they say humanity in other countries humanitarian cases in their own country are silent they say they are against the colonial state because the constitution is in fact only Israel in the u20 world cup which they criticize how come they have the heart to act on behalf of humanity and the constitution for the sake of election votes?
"It's impossible that politicians don't know...the fact is that since the end of June 2022 the Israeli team has qualified for the U20 World Cup as the U19 Euro semifinalists...also a fact Israeli badminton athletes in 2015 participated in Indonesia Open it's safe. There are those who are looking to profit politically from effect recommendation"
"Hopefully this will happen to you it looks like the wali is pro pildun. btw very disappointed with his seniors in Central Java who rejected the Israeli national team resulting in the cancelation of the U20 world cup. Even though one of the stadiums was in solo. Disappointed too young Indonesians were cadalized."
"Want to see Pak Wayan Koster's attitude towards beach games activities in Bali is it the same as the U20 World Cup? Regarding Israel's participation in the World Beach Games Bali Koster has been warned by the Koi chairman"
"Drawn from that event. The cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was the main reason. In order to cover up the lack of bad security then a political concoction was exhaled that said the Israeli team was rejected. From that Indonesia was considered dangerous for the world team."
"Is it true that lgbt is a participant in U20? Israel is participating because they have passed the qualification. They compete don't give up don't play FIFA has its own regulations. Blak block block block ndasmu kui"
"Russia just invaded Ukraine and was immediately banned by FIFA not participating in the play offs in 2022 why is Israel invading Palestine why can't you still join U20? Fifa has a double standard"
"why did the pdi-juang suddenly make an issue of israel that's not the real attitude. pdi-p the government and pssi already know the u20 world cup will be canceled by fifa. it's not all a matter of the israel team's rejection. but a security problem. see the brutality that brings victim."
"It's a shame that Indonesia defended Palestine so it was a loss kicked by FIFA and the host lost trillions of rupiah. Palestine is playing the Asian Cup Israel is still playing the U20 World Cup. Indonesia is waiting for sanctions from FIFA."
"Indonesia's failure to host the U20 World Cup is definitely disappointing. But this may be Allah's way of saving Indonesia from the potential for big demonstrations & commotion that could very well happen when Israel plays here. Not only will it be in the world's spotlight but the impact on domestic politics can also be detrimental nkri."
The participants in the U20 World Cup aren't just Israel
"There are things that are canceled but not fasting reward for feeling disappointed. It's easy to say sir..."
"That's a neutral name if you really want to support U20 why not state it""I support Indonesia to be the host and guarantee the security of the Israeli team"""
It's the game Indonesia vs Israel if the U20 Cup will be in Indonesia
"Because the spotlight on Muslims rejecting Israel at WC U20 is very high. If by order of the party Israel would never have been able to travel to Bali or take part in other events there (besides WC U20). The proof is yes and there is."
"In addition Indonesia's preparations are also likely not to continue after Israel passes WC U20 so FIFA GBS keeps Indonesia as the host. It's a pity that their players already don't know about ministerial regulations etc. like gt but… our players are too cringe attitude"
"It turns out that you don't have a stand and are willing to be driven by the party. You have signed an agreement for the U20 title in Indo then you reject the Israeli team then you are sad that U20 won't be in Indo. That's a ridiculous name. You have to learn a lot from the solo walkot take a stand."
imagine if the u20 world cup was changed to israel as the host
"Based on the news in the mass media (not on social media which is a lot of fake) FIFA Indonesia's decision not to host U20 was due to a proposing case not because of rejection of Israel. Is it because the end of the proposing case is considered not clear yet?"
"what if the government already knows that if Israel actually passes it means there is a candy barring Israel from participating in the U20 WC FIFA also definitely doesn't agree with the candy so the budget is "snacked" by the people involved (governor federation etc.) instead of it's a shame the money has melted. cont"
"While Indonesia has become a source of commotion today Au Israel has carried out systematic bombings of Damascus (the capital of Syria). An attack that clearly violates international law. But it will turn a blind eye & Israel will remain safe in the U20 world cup. This is injustice"
I as a big fan of the Israeli football team am really very disappointed with the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia....
people are focused on talking about Indonesia which failed to become the host of the u20 world cup. I'm instead focused on being curious about the political map of 2024. If there is this incident there will be a big switch this is the map. just be prepared for parties who reject Israel to be empty. ready to go dark horse in the presidential election
only negotiators are blo'on so they fail! If he is as smart as a Qatari negotiator the result is this: the u20 world cup remains in Indonesia and the israel national team competes outside the territory of Indonesia or is removed from the world cup play-off round! mostly negotiator drama!
unimportant things like football? they have an u20 national team whose coach is Israeli
If you reject Israel do you accept Israel at the U20 World Cup Indonesia?
"Is it stupid? Rejecting Israel means there are consequences Israel passed the U20 World Cup because there were qualifications and they passed strangely in Indonesia they always associate religious politics even though they drowned the dreams of the Indonesian people to be the host"
"Tips for the 2024 election: 1. Don't vote for PDIP (obviously Israel's rejection of U20 is a party order because all PDIP members have one vote except Pak and Mas) 2. Don't vote for PKS (a party that likes to riot and use identity politics) Erik Indonesia"
"Regarding the cancellation of hosting the You 20 World Cup...he is clear that he is not rejecting the presence of the U20 national team from Israel...just say that you have not been able to host...the government is ready with funding facilities infrastructure and security. ..?? many of my friends are deceived.."
"It's not canceled if the negotiator is as smart as the Qatari negotiator! The u20 world cup is still in Indonesia and the Israeli national team must be willing to compete outside the territory of Indonesia or be removed from the world cup play-off round! That's if the negotiator is smart not stupid and lots of drama!"
"If only our negotiators were as smart as Qatar negotiators! The u20 world cup would still be in Indonesia and the Israeli national team would have to be willing to compete outside the territory of Indonesia or be removed from the world cup play-off round! That's if the negotiators are smart not stupid and lots of drama!"
Regarding the cancellation of the U20 I'm curious about Mr. Anis' opinion. Sir do you agree that Israel plays football here?
"the u20 israel moment made the buzzerps confused dizzy themselves. there was no slanderous material for Mr. Anies. In the end they were busy clarifying things here and there that were not directed even though with an inconsequential narration the important thing is that the lord doesn't look wrong. It's true the truth will find its own way."
"If only the negotiators were as smart as Qatar negotiators! The u20 world cup would still be in Indonesia and the Israeli national team would have to be willing to compete outside the territory of Indonesia or be removed from the world cup play-off round! That's if the negotiators are smart not stupid and lots of drama!"
humanity above sports... that's the urgency of rejecting Israel because the constitution states colonialism over the world must be abolished... thank God Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup if Israel is still a participant....
"If this is true then there are those who are disappointed but not the U20 National Team namely those who cannot take advantage of anti-Israeli sentiments"
"Man apart from this U20 World Cup isn't FIFA also unfair with Russia being banned during the Qatar World Cup yesterday under the pretext of war? Even though Israel is also 'war'"
"Israel passed the world cup on the basis of sportsmanship if the reward for rejecting Israel means rejecting sportsmanship the world of sports is built on the principles of sportsmanship. Rejecting Israel is tantamount to rejecting sportsmanship it is only right that FIFA cancels the U20 World Cup."
"There are two U20 teams I know there are 3 reasons for rejecting the Israeli national team Jasmerah as follows: 1. violated the constitution of the Republic of Indonesia 2. founding father Bung Karno in 1958 also rejected the Israeli national team 3. as a form of gratitude for the recognition of Indonesian independence by Palestine"
If the negotiator is as smart as the Qatar negotiator the World Cup will still be in Indonesia and the Israel National Team must be willing to compete outside the territory of Indonesia or be removed from the play-off round for the 2023 U20 World Cup Indonesia! That's if the negotiator is smart and doesn't bluff too much drama
"What I understand it seems the public doesn't blame each other sir the public only blames one party: those who refused to allow the Israeli national team to come to take part in the U20 World Cup :)"
2. The security factor of Israel's rejection is indeed very dangerous for the security of holding the U20 World Cup. Moreover the tragedy of Kanjuruhan plus Indonesia has many extremists as an example of terrorism incidents that have occurred in Indonesia.
"1. There was nothing about Israel in the cancellation of Indonesia being the host of the U20 World Cup. Instead there was the matter of the nomination tragedy as the reason for the cancellation. We were given light sanctions before uh the settlement of the case was even playing around."
2. The security factor of Israel's rejection is indeed very dangerous for the security of holding the U20 World Cup. Moreover the tragedy of Kanjuruhan plus Indonesia has many extremists as an example of terrorism incidents that have occurred in Indonesia.
banned Indonesia so that Israel does not enter Indonesia but the Israeli and Palestinian teams are still competing in the U20 World Cup. Congratulations Indonesia is subject to sports
Don't bring up the Israeli-Palestinian issue. You (PSSI) are the cause of Indonesia's failure to host the U20 World Cup...
"Ganjar fits well with Anies because his attitude is like PKS rejecting the Israel U20 team...  Ganjar's electability might slip up his heart's intention is to seek sympathy from Muslims instead he is hated by football fans."
"I'm sure BP's attitude against the Israeli national team is not in accordance with BP's conscience BP's disappointment is too late. Is it possible without &amp; (Central Java Governor)? It's the same as wanting U20 but Israel doesn't want it. That's an inseparable package greetings"
it is very worried that the rejection will still exist but the 2023 u20 world cup is not canceled and israel is present in Indonesia
"Blo'on champ? If you're as smart as a Qatar negotiator FIFA won't dare to cancel the Indonesian host and can influence FIFA to exclude Israel's participation in the 2023 U20 World Cup play-off round for reasons of violations of humanity! Blo'on champ!"
the cancellation of the u20 world cup because there was a rejection by the israel national team and now those who say they reject the israel national team they don't feel guilty at all huh
"Equal treatment is key to fair play but there seems to be a double standard in dealing with Russia and 'Israel'."
the dream of israeli children to play in the u20 world cup continues to come true. Garuda children's dreams of playing in the U20 World Cup have been dashed. one more fact that hating Israel is useless. the loss you get. why we never learn
mentally squatting .. the Palestinian ambassador doesn't have a problem with the Israel U20 national team when they come to Indonesia to compete .. ehh we are the ones who refuse .. wow .. where is the logic?
This might happen if Erick and PSSI force Israel to be present in Indonesia when the 2023 U20 World Cup is not canceled
chronology: the Indonesian constitution rejects the colonial rule &gt; The Indonesian elite proposed that Indonesia be the host of the U20 (which has an Israeli representative in it) &gt; some Indonesians reject the arrival of Israel because it is not in accordance with the constitution &gt; u20 canceled in indonesia &gt; other Indonesians protest rejection &gt; between Indonesians storm themselves
I mean PKS Mr. Hidayat Nur Wahid is that the U20 World Cup is still being held in Indonesia but Israel is not allowed to participate because the Palestinian invaders are still seizing Palestinian land on the West Bank with Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday..Russia was also eliminated
the drama of the general chairman of PSSI Erick Thorhir is really too much.. Indonesia became the host at U20 FIFA not because of the quality &amp; qualifications but as if at least yes it can't solve the kanjuruhan tragedy it's only natural that if it's revoked FIFA is also not really stupid with the issue of the governor of Central Java rewarding &amp; governor of bali rejects israel
"If there is no Israel at the G20 summit if there is Israel at the U20 World Cup the governor of Bali will be afraid."
That's because many people support Ganjar to become the next president...but unfortunately Ganjar even blundered with Israel's tin u20 rejection... It's only natural that many of these supporters are disappointed and angry.
"If your statement is like that it means that the root cause of the rejection of the U20 Israel National Team is because Israeli aristocrats are non-Muslims is that so?"
Palestine doesn't matter if Israel joins the U20 World Cup in Indonesia you pretend to be a hero
"Actually which is better? 1. Israel refuses to play with the consequence of canceling hosting the U20 World Cup canceling playing in the U20 World Cup or 2. letting Israel play with the possibility that the Indonesian U20 national team can slaughter Israel with a score of 10-0 or 20-0  revenge wreaked
"What Israel rejected wasn't the world cup. Even though we've given suggestions/solutions Israel can play in neighboring countries. PSSI's lobbying is not qualified. PSSI has to fix it from and select fairly quickly it won't be ostracized. For younger siblings u20 but really. there are still many opportunities in front of our eyes prove your capabilities."
"This is really no offense we are also participating in the world cup because the host's path becomes a narrative ""burying the dreams of young people who have been training very hard to participate in the U20 world cup"" doesn't feel right. unless we qualify and then are disqualified because the host- new israel shit show
Why wasn't this voiced when Israel appeared at the U20 World Cup? If the situation is already like this where have you heard of cases like this?
the effect of rejecting the israel national team u20 world cup embarrassment....real..2024 the destruction of the pdip-nasdem-pks-demokrat satan anis &amp; sidongo reward..amen.
"sad to see sister"" u20 but also respect if you reject Israel hm"
"No one has rejected the U20 World Cup Israel has rejected it."
"The owner of the u20 event FIFA the RI/Jokowi government asked to be held in RI FIFA agreed. So the FIFA rules apply not RI. How come political parties suddenly get involved don't want to be outdone by goals. Those who are ready for demonstrations. This is the government's business. If you want refuse why not when israel passes on june 22"
"The U20 World Cup was canceled due to: 1. current conditions: the ministry of foreign affairs regarding Israel still not repealed. rejection by elements of the Koster and reward government bringing up the Bali bombing story rejection by institutions like KNPI etc. 2. handling of the recommendation was not serious "
"Precisely from that sentence it might be concluded that the president supports the holding of the event and guarantees the security of the entire Israeli u20 team."
Israel's U20 children's dream of playing in the world cup continues to come true. Indonesian u20 children's dreams of playing in the world cup were dashed thanks to rewards and boarding houses. thanks reward...! bravo palestine
You already know the impact of refusing to participate in the U20 World Cup (Israel)? football or sports should not be mixed up with politics | coster way
The dream of the Israeli u20s to play in the world cup has come true. The dream of Indonesian u20 boys to play in the world cup is gone. Israel remains blessed. we got palestinian farts...!! Bravo Palestine.
All Indonesian people understand John...the Indonesian U20 national team player is disappointed...but there's no need to politicize it John...the people and lackeys are wrong...why are the pure ones rejecting (those who don't purely reject for example Ganjar and Koster) being blamed... from the beginning we rejected Israel... strange...
"You don't have to look for your face the first one who rejected the Israeli U20 National Team was you"
"That's right sir if the U20 World Cup is canceled in Indonesia it doesn't mean the end. As long as the Israel National Team sets foot in Indonesia the U20 World Cup must be rejected."
if everything has been thoroughly investigated and tried properly the incident where Indonesia was canceled to host the u20 would never have happened. the rejection of some people against Israel including politicians in several parties for the sake of electability also has a role here.
"Who will be responsible? Anyone who rejects Israel causing Indonesia to cancel hosting the U20 World Cup 2024 I am backlisted from my choices."
"Not bad for the presidential election which is supported by the Pekaes Party which strongly rejected Israel and resulted in Indonesia failing to become the host of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia taking advantage of the situation is cunning and dangerous"
"Brother is there a common thread? Mr. Press said that when Indonesia was appointed as the host for the U20 World Cup I didn't know Israel was coming in then it became crowded when I found out that Israel was entering high school the Minister of Foreign Affairs also got into a frenzy of discourse because as far as I remember there is a 'rule' that there shouldn't be a flag israel its national anthem etc."
Yesterday Gibran was ready for an alternative solo place for the U20 drawing. it really pisses me off I swear the problem with the governor's statement in Bali is the addition of groups that reject Israel. Yes even though the governor of Bali's statement is true: Duarrr Bali Bomb? auto cancel
"It's your fault you dick is a political brain don't you know that this ball is still being mixed up in political gala so"" Israel refuses which one refuses only the Indonesian state is better if it is supported by England France Argen Brazil FIFS won't be brave and the U20 World Cup still continue in Indonesia
"Those who pretend to be sad that the U20 event was canceled in Indonesia actually not because of their love for football but their love for the Israeli invaders"
I want to wash my hands if the u20 wcup fails it's not because of a case but because Muslims reject Israel!!
why do mass organizations that reject Israel continue to blame the tragedy of the decision to fail the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
opening match; indonesia u20 0 - 10 israel u20
"The statement unilaterally rejecting Israel and at the last second was actually a form of arrogance cunning and manipulative effort aimed at FIFA. And the cancellation of U20 in Indonesia was a firm answer from FIFA that we don't want it to be regulated by any party"
"The first time to make a petition against Israel playing in the U20 Cup is already the culprit mulo biajiangan... uasuuuu"
"The struggle of those who want the Israeli national team not to play in Indonesia has succeeded. It's a shame the sacrifice is too expensive. Not only can the national team not play in Indonesia they are also in danger of not being able to play in the U20s."
"The recommendation really shocked the world. If I'm not mistaken it's number 2 with the most victims in football history. But FIFA stopped Indonesia because of that. As big as the recommendation was it didn't have an effect FIFA still believes in Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup. FIFA sacked for rejecting israel
Israel's U20 children's dream of playing in the world cup continues to come true. Indonesian u20 children's dreams of playing in the world cup were dashed thanks to rewards and boarding houses. thanks reward...! bravo palestine
"In the previous events because there was no spotlight and great pressure from Muslims who rejected Israel to Indonesia Israel was able to appear at these events. That's proof that Bali is welcome only because compatriots of different faiths rejected Israel during the U20 WC so finally the Koster too reject."
Israel's U20 children's dream of playing in the world cup continues to come true. Indonesian u20 children's dreams of playing in the world cup were dashed thanks to rewards and boarding houses. thanks reward...! bravo palestine
"List of officials political parties and parties opposed to Israel highlighted the impact of Indonesia canceling the hosting of the U20 World Cup"
you are wrong...the reward for making the israel team's rejection at the u20 world cup as content...nothing more....
"I'm so sorry for this kid disappointed because he didn't appear at the U20 while sneering at the pain of the Palestinian people who were colonized by Israel. In the future PSSI don't teach them instant ways just to become world cup participants. Let them fight to beat other teams so they know the meaning of independence which are actually."
allah hu akbar with u20 israel children achieve their dream of playing in the world cup. our children can just fart comfortably..!
you fooled them. long ago there was a call to Erickntohir Ketum PSSI that the u20 event would be canceled due to the tragic human rights case of the death of hundreds of supporters at the Kanjuruhan Stadium. they only attract sympathy from Israel's enemies in fact they want to run away from responsibility
"coyy..gp signed the consensus agreement to host u20 already know there is an israel team how come it suddenly betrayed its own agreement? the governor is not an ordinary citizen; public officials who implement the government are not lackeys of political parties? about understanding ideology told to become lackeys of political parties?"
current situation bro. Maybe it's because the Israeli national team has refused to actually have the infrastructure ready for the U20 World Cup
"Cows are synonymous with white pure and clean. Bulls are synonymous with black evil darkness. When the Israel National Team takes part in the U20 World Cup this is automatically a golden opportunity for the cow to refuse so that the sympathizers of the halu will increase."
Israel is not at a disadvantage. Israel's U20 children's dream of playing in the world cup continues to come true. the dreams of u20 Indonesian children have been dashed. Allah is with Israel...! Yes right...!!
"I'm absolutely sure your mind is not up to / able to analyze the aims & objectives of the PDIP (refusing Israel's participation in the WC U20 in Indonesia). I'm sure I can't!! There is a mathematical political calculation (plus minus) with all the risks that the PDIP &amp; cadres see the results later!!!"
"report sir...israel cancels joining u20 their country has disbanded..."
"hahaha...israel is still present at u20 woii..but not in ind. yes that's right.. wong ind is not the host... that's right thank you for canceling ind to host and canceling the presence of the ind national team in on u20 2023..!!"
This literacy must go viral that the removal of Indonesia from being the host at U20 was not due to the rejection of Israel which was played by Ganjar Pranowo and friends but more because of the human rights case the death of hundreds of supporters at Kanjuruhan Malang Stadium. We really need a podcast.
"I think the PR figure rejected Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup because of the mandate of the constitution not because they didn't want the event to be held in China. So it's true that Ina is hosting the U20 World Cup not because of the statement of the PR person concerned. Upholding the constitution above all else."
the u20 national team understands the reason fifa revoked Indonesia's host status: the safety of the israel national team
"Wow you bastard everyone also rejects colonialism even the Palestinians who feel directly the result of the war accepting Israel in Indonesia because on the basis of sport not politics see the dreams of the nation's children who want to play in the U20 World Cup have lost before the war you are proud aren't you?"
I the common people are sad for Indonesian football. I hope Israel will still allow Indonesian Muslims to worship at the Al Aqsa Mosque. national team keep up the spirit you guys!! God willing Allah has a more beautiful plan. amen
the chairman of the commission this time was impressed !! Why since 2019 when Indonesia was set to be the host... yes because the Israeli team also won the U20 World Cup right in 2019? 2022!!!
parties who rejected Israel's arrival and PSSI itself which took too long and was not optimal in preparing for all the needs of the u20 world cup
It seems funny if our hatred for Israel is so refusing the Israel U20 football team to play in Indonesia because of religious sentiment. In my opinion the rejection is to weaken legitimacy in the international world. more rudely humiliating
It's already been cancelled instead of thinking about the U20 national team they are thinking about Israel again
"Those who rejected Israel why did you make faces when Indonesia canceled hosting the Pildun when they said they were disappointed that Indonesia could not host the U20 World Cup did you realize that because of the rejection of the Israeli national team this made Indonesian football sad"
"It turns out that sir actually defended the bearers of the caliphate by refusing the Israeli national team to play here... U20 doesn't participate in state politics. Make table football diplomacy... Palestine doesn't mind really."
"Indonesia is not ready to host WC U20. Thailand is playing at GBK and it's attacked let alone Israel playing anarchic things can happen."
"Israel likes or dislikes the European Cup runner-up that's why it can qualify for the U20 World Cup why is it crossed out?? You will be remembered as the worst governor of Bali in the history of the republic"
pdip started to talk nonsense e hehe you know or not with the consequences of this rejection by Israel's u20 fifa could sanction pssi more cruelly than stepmother
the stupid reward for the presidential candidate ticket from the PDIP is not clear yet makes a blunder following the ancient brain reject u20 israel stupid e
"If I am personally neutral whether I want to come to Israel or not is state policy (the government up to the Ministry of Youth and Sports) and the PSSI is in charge. Indonesia will continue / not be the host of the dominant FIFA WC U20.. Point. Another problem sorry don't teach me ok !!"
media friends may ask the presidential candidates as related to Indonesia's failure to host the u20 world cup. if it's already clear that is rejecting the arrival of Israel coming to Indonesia. what about the other presidential candidates?
those who see only know from that side even though there are many from the other side why are some people against the U20 Israel
"Idiot Israel was the one who invited the U20 World Cup"
"Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the U20 Punia Cup. Political and religious matters are included in football. Saudi Arabia a Muslim country is still open to hosting the World Cup that's because they use their brains and they want to advance. Israel is okay"
mas bud... why don't you just be frank with netizens. that the U20 world cup will be the entrance to syuriahan Indonesia by America and its allies if there is a riot that has been scripted by them at the expense of Israeli players as sacrifices.
"PSSI has tried to lobby FIFA regarding sanctions be patient sir. Not appearing at the U20 World Cup does not mean the end. A firm stance and to remain non-diplomatic with Israel as long as Israel does not recognize Palestine is the right step"
1. Many people reject Israel 2. Many people are disappointed that the U20 World Cup failed 3. Many people say this is not the end of the world 4. Many people say they are still motivated 5. Many people criticize FIFA 6. Many people wash their hands 7. kwkwkwkwkwwkwkw
"and Israel still participates in the u20 world cup while the young people of the Indonesian u20 national team can only bury their dreams of appearing in the international arena is that what you hope???? have a nice day"
this is the stupidity of the shrimp's brain rejecting Israel's u20 it is thought that it is easy to host the world cup - stupid people make Indonesia not progress
the main team of argentina is the world cup champion.. while the argentina u20 didn't qualify.. it's a shame.. in terms of football argentina is hungry to sell indonesian weight.. fifa is smart that it was created because of the infrastructure of the country.
if there is still an israel team in this event then don't worry about clandestine people refusing plidun u20 bangke officials
"It took a long time to talk about the PDIP people... the point is not rejecting the U20 World Cup but refusing the Israeli team to compete... where are your brains? Are you sane??? How can a team that passed the selection be banned from competing because of political attitudes. just disgust people like that.."
"rejecting the israel national team at the u20 world cup Indonesia is misguided?"
"This all shits still 'a business' after all. We still need each other. The point is that there are many reasons for canceling the U20. It's not just a recommendation or because of Israel because there also discussed ""current circumstances"""
"Good intentions have been defeated by circumstances many sympathizers are disappointed... turning to another heart is also something that is legal in lower society. If you don't come out with a statement rejecting the Israel U20 World Cup contestants the results will be different."
when the PPP faction commissioned a coordination meeting with Menpora joined in rejecting Israel's participation in U20
this guy just wants to clean up and wash his hands PSSI is clear why FIFA is a bad handler of the incident. The recommendation for the rejection of the Israeli U20 team was just a trigger that made FIFA sure to decide PSSI was inappropriate to hold the U20 World Cup event
Looks like a plink plank reward haha ​​stupid Indonesia hosting the world cup is the jokowi program so the difa test becomes the host for u20 continues to reward stupidly rejecting u20 israel waooo stupid e hehe
"Yes because no one was responsible for the tragedy in the end I was too lazy not to be a host on U20 because of politicians and loudly rejecting Israel"
"wayan koster rejects israel at the u20 world cup kadek arel: as a balinese i am very disappointed"
"The U20 World Cup is canceled if it's because of Israel's refusal it's better to just leave FIFA. After all FIFA is also inconsistent. Not long ago Russia was penalized by FIFA for the attack on Ukraine. Can we not defend Palestine? That's from faultfinder's point of view
"If it's just a joke maybe FIFA won't take it into account but the coach used an official open letter of rejection for the arrival of the Israeli team which made FIFA famous. The key to the failure of WC U20 is that there is a coach in the governor's office."
"Sad because I can't see Wakandonesia kids playing at WC-U20 annoyed with FIFA PSSI Israel accumulated debts mediocre faces diseases that are difficult to heal etc... keep on commenting: -suffering you -sabaaar life is a test astagfirullah adzim thing..."
What is clear is the double standard that Indonesian politicians delegating Israel at the IPU (Inter-Parliamentary Union) session in Bali in March 2022 are accepted. the Israeli flag was flying in the forum. this is clearly a political event - world parliamentary representatives. wc u20 only kids 17-19 years old play football
"One day if Israel hosts the U20 we must be prepared not to compete..."
so that you know the reason why FIFA refused to host Indonesia for U20 it's better to take a look at FIFA's website directly. not mentioned there because Israel refuses.
"Hasto seems to have forgotten his commitment which clearly rejected the arrival of the Israeli national team now he is talking lightly about the PDIP deploring the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia the people are already hurt it's hard to forgive just wait for 2024 Kikmano vote OK PDIP"
"error: no objection to the U20 World Cup in Bali bang he refuses the Israeli national team to play in Bali bro.. wow"
hey. you also attacked u20 indo players. try to attack israel lgsg. how are you?
"You have lost the spirit of loyalty to East Indonesia when you participated in rejecting Israel being involved in the U20 World Cup. What business do you have about sports? This isn't politics are you FIFA? It's messy"
so that it is clear why fifa canceled indonesia as u20 host. not mentioned because it rejects israel
The foreign ministerial regulation was issued in 2019. the same regime bidding on the u20 world cup. the israel national team is certain to qualify in 2022. how come the rules are still the same. yeah trap yourself
Hasto Kristiyanto reveals the reasons for the Governor of Bali I Wayan Koster to reject the Israeli U20 National Team
just say you stink!!! Even if for example Indonesia qualified for the U20 World Cup through qualification and coincidentally Israel also qualified for it most Islam phobic citizens and politicians who have special agendas will order the Indonesian national team to walk out or resign!!! that's stupid!
The foreign ministerial regulation was issued in 2019. the same regime bidding on the u20 world cup. the israel national team is certain to qualify in 2022. how come the rules are still the same. yeah trap yourself
"It's hard for you to say condolences for the victims of the offer but for the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Israel you feel the sky is falling your empathy is extraordinary"
The Blonyon's answer when he found out that the winning party was playing it safe when Israel wanted to compete in WC U20
"If you can't why does FIFA agree to Indonesia hosting the U20 World Cup? It fails because sports are mixed with politics while Palestine has no problem with Israel playing in Indonesia."
"The trigger for the cancellation of the Republic of Indonesia as host of the U20 was the governor of Bali's statement that there was a possibility of a bomb. This was fatal so before Etho met the FIFA president the decision was made. GP blundered to join his party in rejecting the Israeli team it would be wiser if he behaved like the trustee. Nothing uncracked ivory!”
arrange that your cadres who want to run for president don't follow the prawn brain in rejecting u20 israel
"Without Israel we are still Indonesia and we also failed to host the U20 World Cup... we are also still Indonesia. But it's no longer Indonesia if the president is Yohanisfight!!"
"As a result of the actions of Kadrun and all those who rejected Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup. How come the authority owners are regulated yes we are the ones who are in control."
Oh don't try to lobby FIFA just to divert the issue of refusing Israeli athletes to become a matter of nominations. it's clear how come this is politics for 2024 to embrace anti-israel voices from nationalist parties. so being a u20 host is a sacrifice.
haha idiot e u20 israel is participating in the competition you don't know you are u20 israel is fighting &amp; pass the selection do you think they sleep? Indonesia has not had any achievements and has always lost
the problem is going to sahur....rerabi-serabi hanat.....serabi-serabi hanat.... Indonesia cancels hosting U20 football... because of opposition to Israel's Zionists playing the U-20 World Cup in Indonesia ....ha ha...
sir it turned out/wasn't wise in taking the action of rejecting the u20 world cup team from israel. more harm than benefit. You are wiser if you don't take any attitude.
"lord of infidels when he said ""refused the israel national team to play in the u20 world cup"" might already feel like soekarno.
"Football israel's peace event entered the U20 world cup the noisy people are not clear. Even though you don't know what"" about Israel and Palestine... the reason is only one humanity but there are frills... who knows what the frills behind humanity?"
Who is most responsible for canceling the U20 World Cup in Indonesia?
because the government already knew about this the issue of the Israeli football team was raised it was only used as a diversion and a scapegoat if the U20 World Cup was clearly going to be canceled by FIFA in Indonesia... who was actually behind the tragedy how come this was avoided...???
it's still a reward... even though they have different views on the u20 issue... it could be a reward for party members who obey party decisions or it could be a reward for knowing the potential if Israel plays in Indonesia... while the 2 are silent instead of ashes.. .
"Why? Because he's the governor & has signed a u20 commitment but when the day was near he refused to allow Israel to participate. Apart from that he was also predicted to be the 2024 presidential election candidate."
Viva FIFA which canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia without the presence of the Israeli national team has caused many victims. Cancel U20 World Cup save Indonesia from suicide bombing. again viva fifa.
"Thinking late at night Israel has never passed the U20 World Cup in history. Maybe when Indonesia was the host they passed"
"The average person who refused Israel to play in Bali for WC U20 and finally it was canceled said they were disappointed looking for sympathy"
"Indonesia was appointed to host the U20 World Cup in 2019 &amp; Israel passed July 2022 when PSSI chairman Mr. Iwan Caucasians when Mr. became PSSI chairman the group suddenly protested about the world cup in 2023 from July to December 2022 there was no news of rejection "
"OK be consistent...the mission to reject Israel at U20 is over now let's head to the World Beach Games in Bali there is an Israeli contingent too... be consistent okay?"
"Of course the party knows when we are bidding on U20? Of course they know that there is a world cup so that all countries have the opportunity to participate (including Israel) because there is a possibility that Israel will participate from the start it should have banned the government from bidding on world events (world cup Olympics etc.) "
"There are lots of problems with canceling being the host for U20 FIFA I'm confused oii.. Israel FIFA PDIP Palestine is trending"
that can't happen because the israel team has already passed the u20 world cup qualifying round.
he said those who refused Israel to go to Indonesia for the U20 World Cup with the excuse of defending Palestine tomorrow they want to be sent to Palestine yes to help in the war there is that true?
"The president's attitude regarding the U20 world cup is very classy. Until when are you willing to serve the oppressors just to take part in the world cup" "we have prepared and blah blah blah is it time to withdraw just because Israel is participating?"" That's where the class lies!! !"
"Agreed until Israel passes the U20 World Cup through the UEFA zone in June 2022. Then the technical regulations related to Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 3/2019 have never been discussed among the relevant stakeholder ministries. In addition November 2022 the United Nations legalized the international celebration of the 75th Nakba. This is like a time bomb."
"Hadeuh read it again there lots of literacy the coaches for the Palestinian national team are Israelis they are in a territorial war not religion/belief it's true what you said above because of your people the U20 national team is affected are you happy? make the future of young people it gets destroyed because hatred is not clear"
"Likewise Indonesia in 2023 has refused to allow the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 World Cup which will be held in Indonesia the reason for this refusal is to show solidarity with the Palestinian people and condemn Israel's actions which undermine world peace"
It's more exaggerated to shout about rejecting the U20 Israel National Team actually.
The prophet alone cannot stop the war between Israel and Palestine. from the time of the prophet moses to the prophet muhammad what else are the excited kids because of the failure of u20 football in Indonesia even though there is no contribution to the country.
"I wanted to say it but I'm not the kind of person who is going to do this. When you knew that Israel would enter the U20 World Cup in the qualification period why are you now making a fuss about rejecting Israel which is causing your country to be criticized around the world? It's funny."
With the U20 World Cup which was previously held in Indonesia which happened to be attended by the Israeli team it had taken the opportunity to be politicized by loser politicians by refusing to turn around and then turning concerned about the cancellation of Indonesia being the host. fishing in murky water
"Instead of apologizing he asked the public to pray for FIFA to cross Israel. Hold on to humanity but you are inhuman man you have killed the dreams of the nation's children to have a career in the U20 World Cup displacing the opportunity to improve the nation's economy in the U20 World Cup."
this u20 world cup chaos is not only about israel it's about the embarrassment of the country's leadership and also for us it's about the collapse of the opportunity for young figures to be seen by the world at this prestigious event about the loss of our opportunity to be world-level organizers (whatever) in the future
especially the stupid bastards who refused to let Israel play at U20 starting to blame the government and PSSI. heartless bastard indeed
"Chaotic cancellation of the Indonesian U20 World Cup between Israel accepting and rejecting. See what Jokowi conveyed 2.5 m | Meisya | Kajol | PSSI | added funny | pill 2 | golput | for my love | rank 1 | steal Raden Saleh"
fact; 1. The coach of the Palestinian team is an Israeli. 2. The three main Israeli u20 national team players are Muslim and their captains. 3. the Palestinian ambassador said; Israel can play in any problem..must separate politics and sports. then Indonesia suffers?
"I want to find justification but the proof is that Bali has hosted the International Parliamentary Union the Israeli parliament was also present ladies and gentlemen. Why was it accepted? Even though it was already a political matter and the security situation was conducive while the U20 event immediately refused just football."
"Koster if Israel is crossed out from FIFA then what are the benefits for you? There are no advantages because Indonesia has been canceled at U20 by FIFA."
"After the cancellation of the U20 World Cup it turns out that it turns out that Indonesians are more than Arabs like UAE Bahrain &amp; Morocco who even have diplomatic relations with. What do we get? It's just the stupidity of the congregation"
"I'm an anti-Israeli person but Indonesia is very supportive of hosting U20 but that went away when FIFA canceled Indonesia as the host plus the rewards for refusing everything mbok those who refused were just Bakmumin and PKS novels don't join in anyway sir"
"Defending Palestine Indonesia lost kicked by FIFA the hosts lost trillions of rupiah Israel played the U20 World Cup Palestine played the Asian Cup Indonesia waiting for FIFA sanctions. Fanatics become stupid wkwkwk"
this is the impact when we continue to be lenient towards the nation's troublemakers who continue to roam later when u20 in Peru &amp; Indonesia is a club with Israel it's good that they are demonstrating against China again but they like Ling Ling products
"I still support him even though I'm angry because of the impact of his statement rejecting the Israeli U20 team. Soekarno shouted ""Give me 10 young people then I will shake the world"". Turning around given 11 or more eee instead broke the wings of hope for his own children"
I hope that I can still play in the U20 world cup eh I don't know I'm in the same pot as Israel. it's not a match wkwk.
if the FIFA World Cup U20 was held in Indonesia and Israel came to Indonesia that would not be the end of the world either
"212 alumni and PKS have succeeded in bluffing Ganjar Koster PDIP to join in rejecting Israel in the U20 World Cup"
fifa defends israel? Israel needs to be defended like that? israel is struggling to qualify at u20.. so that's your analysis
Israel and Palestine still play football.. what relationship destroys the life of athletes. as if it is better to destroy their own nation. Israel still goes to the U20 WC and no ID... do you understand? anything changed? other than ID threatened with ban? but you don't care about your own nation only ego
"The syndicates that politicized the 2023 World Cup U20 event for the purposes of the 2024 presidential election by taking advantage of the Israeli and Palestinian issues they all don't care about the profit and loss of the country and the people themselves the important thing is they just want to seize power by justifying any means"
I support the issue of the Israeli team's rejection... don't be arrogant yet lovers of fake and sudden national teams.
Yes I have partially apologized I just made a friendly match for Indonesia U20 against Israel's U20 national team
Until it entered the US media Israel's rejection of the u20 world cup was embarrassing due to the actions of a handful of people
Israel is still playing at U20 because it passed the qualification.... meanwhile Indonesia still can't play if it doesn't qualify
It can be said that Israel's rejection was the culmination of the U20 World Cup problems. Can FIFA just keep quiet about the recommendations? huehue
"The case of the U20 World Cup where the majority rejected Israel's arrival in my opinion is the failure of the state to "educate the life of the nation"" the country should provide answers to these 2 questions 1. Is it true that Palestine is not yet independent? 2. Is it true or not Israel? colonize Palestine?"
"I am a little wrong yes: as of December 2020 Israel has diplomatic recognition from 165 of 193 un members. Those who do not recognize: Iran Iraq Lebanon Syria Saudi Arabia (which were massacred during the war) and also countries that canceled U20. So +62 must be self-aware"
Palestine which was defended by other defenders even the nation's pride plummeted unable to play at the u20 event. while Palestine and Israel exist and can play in other countries.
want to apologize??? sorry to say. do you say that not participating in the world cup is not the end of the world for the u20 national team? yes that's right. Doomsday for reward itself has started since the reward statement rejected Israel for constitutional reasons. but the reward forgot that washing Sukarno entertained doi
"The reason for the cancellation of the U20 was because Israel's rejection came from the Banteng party through the governor of Bali with the GP who will run for president for 2024. It was not an incident of recommendation it was just an excuse to avoid national political problems."
what's the issue? u20...? Israeli intelligence already knows about the rejection &amp; they did decide you pressured fifa you to move from indo. they don't want to take the risk. PSSI actually already knew about this long before. This rejection is deliberately amplified so that FIFA has a strong reason -
The Israeli national team is also registered as a FIFA member who has also qualified... Mr. Ganjar if you want to ban Israel from competing in the U20 World Cup you should officially write to PSSI to continue protesting to FIFA. but if it's just cooing on the street it's the same as thugs...
"like this"" more precisely Russia was banned from the World Cup qualifier by FIFA because it was supported by European countries. also rejecting the israel national team will be a different story"
"Ganjar is no longer fit to be president he has become the father of hypocrites... first he refused the Israeli football team to come to Indonesia now he is disappointed because the U20 World Cup cannot be held in Indonesia"
"One of the keys to the happiness of the Indonesian people is the U20 world cup. Football is a sport that unites all elements of society. Appearing in the world cup is the dream of Indonesian children. But all that disappeared after the father's statement regarding Israel's rejection."
enthusiasm collapsed instantly because the u20 world cup was cancelled. Initial enthusiasm I want to watch live English Italian French Brazil Uruguay Japan Israel and Indonesia. hope is shattered just because politicians are rotten and have no morals. your demons laugh at the suffering of the people
"karepe do piye to su ... it's not religion the army or ideology that plays football. The sensitive issue is podo canngkemen djancok ... fifa gangar is disappointed in Palestine Israel u20 erick tohir"
Israel! if you don't qualify. I really like WC U20 in Indonesia.
it's funny things like this can cancel international matches it's just a trivial matter about Israel it can be canceled when will Indonesian football progress this should be the capital for Indonesian football to progress we as national team supporters and Indonesian citizens are very disappointed that Pildun-U20 was canceled in Indonesia
"""just want to play football"" if you want to prove it on the field. break up to ten zero it's fair! the world cup is cancelled‼ go blooox!! - palestina/ israel - bola- u20 - arya s... via"
What is FIFA's decision to cancel the U20 World Cup in Indonesia ?? a. the 2022 recommendation tragedy b. rejection of the israel national team c. field facilities
"Not only the majority but how powerful the country is just like in this case Indonesia doesn't want Israel in the U20 world cup the impact is much smaller than England or France who asked to be banned by Russia"
Sir if you reject Israel what will we get?? Israel will stop colonizing Palestine? not necessarily sir. and the U20 Indonesian football athletes who were affected. israel will still play in the u20 world cup. if we get banned from fifa -----
"If smart people know what it means FIFA should still hold WC U20 in Indonesia by eliminating Israel as FIFA did against Russia at the Qatar World Cup Qatar even enforced sharia law especially against Lgbt in its country FIFA remains subject to Qatar"
"After FIFA canceled Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup the opponents of the Israeli National Team were silent. Hoiiii.....it's quiet woi..!!! It's a shame isn't it?"
"I don't think Indonesia will host the U20 World Cup because of the Israeli lobbies who don't want to play here. With a track record of brutality and savagery like this plus the event of an election campaign do they feel safe playing here?"
You don't have to look for your face to begin with those who rejected the Israeli U20 National Team came out of your mouth
"Let's not be lured away from Rewards 2024 the problem of the Israeli team at U20 which was not accepted to compete by Ganjarpranowo it's true for Rewards for RI1 2024.... This nation's Islam still firmly believes that Israel is the enemy of Islam this is also America's weapon to divide the nation This"
"FIFA's decision to cancel the U20 World Cup is not a matter of Israel but the history of hundreds of casualties."
"I don't understand what was in the minds of the top party leaders at first Nasdem all of a sudden it turned 180 degrees. Now Kadrun is filling in Nasdem. The tough one: those who are already sitting as legislatures. Look for radical support then now PDIP suddenly maneuvers to damage the U20 World Cup to reject israeli national team...
the failure of the country to become a host at the u20 is the fruit of a conspiracy. focus on security issues. the controlling elements of security issues are the conspirators &amp; don't forget about the ball mafia. why is g20 successful because the level of importance and security is different and there is no israel
"I will still be rewarded in 2024...the U20 ball game is not a political issue but politicized by the United States to kill people who will harm America in the 2024 election...so the reward for Pranowo was given "simala kama fruit" thank God still know to choose the right reject israel"
don't be afraid. those who rejected the arrival of the israel u-20 national team and caused the failure of the u20 world cup in nkri will face all football fans across nkri.
"The internal affairs department already exists and the existing law is running..although there may still be deficiencies..the U20 world cup case is different you can't mix it up..don't be curious about taking care of people..israel and palestine laugh at you..both of them are still so participant..indo get what?! get signal.."
"The aftermath of the atrocities of the Israeli regime then spread everywhere PSSI failed to predict the conflict in my opinion there are actually many reasons it just so happens that PSSI is unlucky for Israel to qualify for the U20 World Cup"
"It has to be cancelled... let's see if they are still loud"" just like rejecting Israel at the U20 wc..."
"Ide 2022 in Bali was silent and welcomed by the Koster last February the Israeli 3rd place cycling track contingent was congratulated later there will be anoc in Bali and the Israeli contingent will come. Why are U20 victims?!"
"Unfortunately our politicians are also double standard bhakakakakaka world beach games will be in Bali and there will be Israeli athletes. If what has happened Israeli politicians are accepted in Bali this is the next event. Let me see is will act the same as he did to wc u20?"
"The Israeli regime is to blame for planting seeds of hatred I'm not surprised that because Israel this event has become a polemic. Luckily Israel did not enter the Qatar World Cup unfortunately Israel entered the U20 World Cup. Indonesia is just unlucky and that is what PSSI cannot predict "
"Indonesian football is complicated and Indonesian politics is complicated. It's complicated it's complicated plus Israel also passed WC U20. Well it's getting worse. But even if Israel doesn't pass WC U20 basically this country is really not good at taking care of football. So I want to hope what? Disband is the best way."
"Whoever says this in Israel there won't be any changes the U20 World Cup can still participate the conflict is still going on. No one is wise to solve the problem"
"reject the Israeli U-20 team the reward for wanting to gain sympathy instead becomes a stump"
"How do you understand him sometimes Soekarno's history forbids the national team from playing with Israel even though he is one step away from qualifying for the finals he doesn't know him even though he's not a U20. young.."
"Israel is said to be the cause of the uproar at the U-20 World Cup here's the economic situation: FIFA has decided to cancel the 2023 U-20 World Cup in Indonesia. On its official website the parent organization of this football says… source merdeka.com"
"Dear Pak Jokowi I want to ask an ordinary person in the context of the U20 World Cup which was canceled by FIFA... you have announced Indonesia's attitude that is conducive to Israel's participation but FIFA listens more to the statements of political activists and regional heads. Who is the president then? ."
"For all those who rejected the Israeli national team and the cause of the failure of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia... fuck you all..."
"Are you really that stupid? Such a picture is taken for granted. Elementary school children can also make it like a reward image with the words ""reward for supporting Israel playing in the U20 World Cup"""
According to an indicator survey that has not been released it turns out that the majority who want to present the U20 Israel National Team are 53% -59% &amp; don't want the israel u20 national team to play in indonesia 20%-30%...those who want to separate sport from politics are also the majority 1/2
The reason why FIFA immediately removed our rights as hosts for the 2023 U20 World Cup is because FIFA judged based on the current situation which shows an increase in the escalation of the wave of rejection in Indonesia for the participation of one of the contestants namely the Israeli National Team plus several rejections.
let's all pray for the island of Bali and other areas to be removed from international tourism destinations. Those who refuse Israel to compete in the U20 world cup
"Are you sure deck?? Ipu 2022 in Bali is silent and welcomed by the Koster. Last February the Israeli Track Cycling contingent won 3rd place he was congratulated later there will be anoc in Bali and the Israeli contingent will also come. Why are U20 victims?!"
1. weak 2. don't have friends at least Iraq &amp; tunisia participant in u20 whose country is also anti-israel. But they also don't want to join in. so we become like screaming ourselves
"Even though this U20 World Cup celebration was only short. And the Israeli team also lost at most the group phase. It's only been here for a maximum of 2 weeks. And after losing they return to their country. That's all. They won't cause trouble. Or damage the place worship. huhh. I'm crazy."
"Impu 2022 in Bali was silent and greeted by the Koster last February the Israeli Track Cycling contingent won 3rd place and was congratulated later there will be anoc in Bali the Israeli contingent will also come. Why are U20 victims? Oh yes it's 2024 so everyone knows "
"I also think so PSSI must have known the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was canceled long ago because FIFA's recommendation to PSSI for post-project repairs was not implemented. But too many of them will lose face in the government. Then anti-Israel sentiment is triggered. This is a theory anyway"
current circumstances: 1. demo uu creator. 2. the decision of the trial court. 3. Rejection of the Israeli team. 4. Issues regarding the implementation of the 2024 elections in essence FIFA is not sure that the government can guarantee the safety of the U20 World Cup in this country.
"I'm surprised to see Mr. Yesterday rejected the Israeli U20 team. Now singing here and there saying it's sad that the U20 football event was canceled in Indonesia. Mr. is offside sir!"
"Well PDIP still tweeting stale narratives. Why is it so arrogant to admit that it was wrong to cancel U20? Soekarno was always brought along not afraid that those who were amazed by him would end up feeling sick when they heard why he wanted to ingratiate Muslims with anti-Israel jargon? realize already stupid!"
"In my opinion why did FIFA cancel the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because what is certain is that Israel participated in the competition.
I want to ask you... your father's statement regarding the refusal of the team from Israel to come to the u20 wc is that the voice of your heart or does it represent the voice of the party....?
"As a result of stupid people who still have shallow thoughts so they can't distinguish between issues of political religion &amp; sports in modern times like this yesterday there were Israeli athletes who came to Indonesia and didn't show up now right when they were hosting the U20 World Cup they made noise just because israel follows. weird.."
"Isn't it possible for imaging materials or what is clear that should have been reviewed from the start from the U20 World Cup which countries always pass if possible from the start Israel has guessed that it will pass right? Don't bother bidding on the host rather than the impact on the country's constitution "
Wayan Koster and Ganjar Pranowo can laugh with satisfaction at being able to tackle Israel at the U20 World Cup urrraaaaa great the governor of Indonesia
"Ganjar and Koster are just pawns being sacrificed. The culprit is Jokowi. The Minister of Foreign Affairs has warned the Coordinating Minister for Political Legal and Security Affairs has warned of the potential for clashes with the UUD hoping Israel doesn't qualify turns out to pass the U20 World Cup. Drama begins suddenly Koster and Ganjar refuse. Noise!!"
with the unstable conditions in the country (Israel) their government canceled the departure of the u20 national team which will compete in the 2023 FIFA Worldl Cup
It's crazy to see people wrong each other because the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is cancelled. Yesterday against Israel no one dared to play pro Israel. Besides once Israel is playing here isn't it getting fried more and more for political purposes. Yesterday's presidential election was already rowdy
"OK let me summarize a little why FIFA canceled the Indonesian U20 WC. The reason is a matter of security for all U20 WC participants themselves not just a matter of Israel. This was because of a statement by one of the governors who alluded to the terrorism tragedy in Bali."
"Officials who refused to allow the Israeli team to come thus canceling the U20 World Cup in Indonesia should come to the PSSI office and meet the U20 national team players and publicly apologize don't get down now. Poor young people your hopes for the u20 national team have vanished."
"Israel will never recognize Palestine until the endand who is +62the world has recognized Israelbut we have created the end of the world for the U20 national teameven though the end is so stupid in Sono"
"FIFA cares more than the Republic of Indonesia for the bidding event! FIFA banned the Republic of Indonesia not to host the U20 Cup because of the bidding not because of Israel's protests! But... this is it. However paid buzzers swiftly deflect this issue affecting the idiots like kao!!"
here to host the u20 world cup. but it was canceled because many parties refused. including Mr Rewards. he refused because there is an israel national team. well but Mr. Rewards made a statement to the contrary after it was officially cancelled.
not only that. The captain of the Israeli national team is a Muslim. and palestine also joined the israel league. training for the Palestinian national team U20 Israel.
viral the governor of bali invites the public to pray for the israel national team to be removed from the 2023 u20 world cup!
"Who is FIFA's double standard? Before FIFA canceled Indonesia hosting the U20 World Cup you rejected the Israeli U20 football team. After FIFA issued a statement canceling the U20 World Cup in Indonesia you said you were disappointed. lieeuuuuurrrrr"
if my own opinion is not a matter of recommendation. but more to the panel preparation during the derby match. and fifa take that step. to be honest u20 security preparation is better than during the tragedy. and fifa prefers the security of its participants where there is israel.
"Millions of people used to pray for Israel to be destroyed destroyed etc.; but now Israel has the power that the Middle East fears. Now there are also bad prayers; if Israel wins it means who are those people praying to?"
"That's why the anti-Israel issue is only being played now because ET has also just been promoted to chairman. If the PSSI team is not one of the rivals for the presidential candidate chances are that the U20 World Cup will be safe at least they are fighting for each other's stage."
"talking in the context of the state and the constitution? he only rejected the Israeli national team not the u20 world cup look at Russia being crossed out by FIFA because of the Ukrainian war? Don't double standard? What should be questioned is the FIFA. The message in the opening is clear"
This news is a blunder. Why are Israeli politicians welcomed? Why are Israeli u20 football athletes being rejected?
By rejecting Israel and as a result the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia did Palestine automatically become independent and free from Israeli occupation?!!
"Agreed FIFA should give Indonesia an opportunity to clarify the political aspects of 'Israel' and fulfill its commitment in holding the U20 World Cup. Now that this has happened there should be lessons to be learned for the good and progress of Indonesian football"
"The PSSI lobby is weak...? Because PDIP PKS &amp; Palestinian fighters who are loud in Indonesia are accompanied by threats. 212 under the command of Asu Toothless who is strong in rejecting the Israeli team makes FIFA cancel Indonesia from hosting the U20."
palestine and israel even they can play at u20.
I think the coolest thing to do is to raise the Palestinian flag when Israel performs at the u20 world cup instead of rejecting them. ah yes I forgot to say that they are the most sane and correct
Is the Governor of Bali bigger than the Israel U20 National Team?
those who called for rejecting Israel and FIFA canceling the U20 World Cup. Then they pretended to regret that the tournament was cancelled. And it will be canceled forever while sports are mixed with politics.
"PDI Perjuangan hopes that there will be the best solution so that Indonesia will continue to host the U20 World Cup Secretary General of the PDI Perjuangan Hasto Kristiyanto said our attitude emerged after Israel was confirmed to qualify"
"It's obvious that Palestine is participating in the U20 World Cup it doesn't matter if Israel is participating in the U20 World Cup why do Indonesia pretend not to allow Israel to play"
"See how Buzzerp is trying to wash their hands over the cancellation of the U20 World Cup. It's a shame for those of you who participated in rejecting the Israeli national team while Buzzerp is now leading opinions blaming the government. cc."
after successfully contributing to the failure of the u20 world cup with an attitude of rejection of israel. now Ganjar and Dayat simultaneously play drama pretending to be disappointed
when other parts of the world especially qatar were ready to replace the u20 world cup added that palestine did not mind israel participating in the event meanwhile a group of people did not accept israel. there sane
"There is an excerpt from the sentence of the secretary general of the PDIP this is consistent with his position against Israel's participation in the WC U20 in Bali:"
"wild thoughts" "if there is no resistance to Israel the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is running suddenly there is a bombing by terrorists who hate Israel who will be responsible? We don't know"" the point is whatever happens whatever the decision is keep living this life stay calm"
"- the regular tarkam class was hit and miss - went to the tribune to drink ciu plastican sec - provocateur - Kanjuruhan tragedy - the league was stopped - Israel - politics - failed to host the U20 World Cup it's nice to support Arsenal it's nice to see them play and rank 1 wkekekeke"
no... I'm sure Anies will definitely support the implementation of U20 in Indonesia even though there is an Israeli national team... how come it's just football... right or not?
"a case which is precisely the reason for canceling the u20... you teach football players from an early age to be selfish not to care about fellow children of the nation who die because of football instead they are politicized because of anti-israel demonstrations..... idiots"
one of the keys to dashing the hopes of the U20 national team appearing in the world cup is to refuse the israel football team to come to Indonesia....is that what you want ???? Poor children of our nation sir who have been preparing for almost 4 years have now disappeared from appearing at the U20 World Cup
"This is a sport we are FIFA members obey FIFA rules! Don't be dragged into the realm of politics! Don't be stupid! You know...the coach for the Palestinian U20 national team is Israeli!"
"The Israeli national team can still play in Pildun U20 the Palestinian national team can still play on the international stage & the supporters are still watching at the same stadium. Meanwhile the Indonesian national team & their supporters are crying in the corner supporting the dreams of the Palestinian children by burying the dreams of the children of their own country where are they proud?"
"I thought that. If it's canceled it just shows up saying support for the Israel U20 team.
"Actually from the start I read that Israel who is going to take part in the U20 World Cup already knew there would be trouble so I'm not surprised either"
"Remember Ahoker who used to send bouquets of flowers so remember the dawet seller at Kanjuruhan. Here the sender is 'traders around the stadium' hehehe disappointed PSSI U20 Israel Golput Mahfud"
"Remember hey PDIP the U20 match is not just about Indonesia and Israel but there are participants from other countries. They can all see Indonesia as a cranky country. Their wishes are not followed they are angry themselves. It's enough during the Soekarno era not today"
If so sir... for example your son is part of the U20 team.. what if you say reject Israel??? answer...!!
No one should be disappointed that Indonesia has been canceled as host in the U20 World Cup match. We reject the Israel National Team based on the verses of the Koran. the cancellation in the field of football who knows we will be successful in the field of faith &amp; piety. because that's our capital in the hereafter. amen yra
"He also signed that he was ready to host the U20 World Cup... suddenly refusing is the same as reward... the same from PDIP. After refusing and now canceling instead asking people to pray FIFA crosses Israel. Is he of sound mind? "
"That means actually the Koster was open to Israel but because of the great pressure (spotlight) on the Israeli team at the WC U20 event they were finally forced to refuse. In the left photo because there was no spotlight and pressure from Muslims who rejected Israel during the event Israel was accepted well by him."
"Already sir if you can make a proposal there is no need to talk about it anymore what you are waiting for right now sir is to admit that what you said about the rejection of the Israeli U20 team in Indonesia is wrong and apologize."
"Someone has to be responsible for the cancellation of Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup. Karma for PSSI comes from politicians who play "gambling" to gain sympathy in 2024. You guys are more disgusting than the real country bastards!!!! pssi israel"
"your mocong issued a statement refusing the israel national team to play in the u-20 pidun after the u20 world cup in Indonesia was canceled suddenly with the same muzzle hiding their hands together after throwing stones... tck... tsk... tsk.. ."
"Actually if there is no Corona or Covid 19 the WC U20 event will already be rolling.. because the event is actually planned for 2021. And that was before Israel's escape event and the Kanjuruhan event. There are indeed many obstacles. ."
"Dude did you misread or misunderstood?? PDIP has consistently refused with arguments and reasons!! Well at the beginning PKS rejected Israel's participation in WC U20 in Bali.. now PKS says disappointed what would it be called if not mencla mencle boss???"
"Can anyone guarantee the safety of the participating teams at U20 especially the Israeli team? We may be disappointed but learn from the mistakes of the security forces in the local match at the Malang Kanjuruhan Stadium it is not yet time for us to host the Pd."
This is the war between Israel and Palestine let them be destroyed like Indonesia U20.
"If the supporters are indeed Islamists they should move to donk because they chose to remain silent on Israel which is competing in the U20 (FIFA) soccer world cup while Ganjar has spoken out. Are you still sure that this leader has guts?"
We are saddened by the cancellation of the U20 World Cup event... but we have to accept that something bigger that we don't want will happen if Israel is forced to play in Indo.
"How come PKS blunders like this (inconsistency) follow PDIP consistently from the beginning - now reject WC U20 (Israeli participation) rightly claim MenCLE PKS... Don't let 212 join MenCLA Mencle tomorrow disappointed that Indonesia is not hosting WC U20 ??? PKS political joke???"
"Did you hear that FIFA banned Indonesia because of yesterday's bidding case + Israel's rejection? Can you imagine if it's already like this it's really scary when there is chaos in part 2 for example Indonesia is still hosting the U20 World Cup? It's nothing it's been rejected like that it's really really a bone of contention dangdut league cup only"
"In my opinion it has nothing to do with it. If it's because of the recommendation it's already been removed from December. Even though there's FIFA recommendation they still believe that Indonesia is safe for the U20 World Cup but suddenly Israel's rejection appears. That's a fatal point for us to be removed by FIFA."
"It's all for the sake of Palestine right until you reject the U20 Israel team. You defend other countries you destroy the happiness of your own nation. Very very very little people's party"
"hello Mr. Governor of Bali: you said you didn't expect FIFA to cancel Indonesia's role as U20. With your statement it's the same. What do you think FIFA is. Federation of Kedar (hy from a certain group). Hey what's your personal problem with Israel? Koplak you. Which god do you think wants to hear your prayers?"
"That's right. It's thanks to them that Israel is affected it continues to play at the U20 World Cup event. And the Indonesian team doesn't need to be tired of playing. It's independent."
"It would be far more detrimental if the U20 World Cup was forced to be played in Indonesia if something happened to the Israeli team it would be more embarrassing for our nation in the eyes of the international community"
"You don't need to apologize sir your guardian is right. I myself have been a supporter since the New Order era and also an admirer of Mas disappointed by the decision to reject the Israeli national team which resulted in Indonesia being dropped as host of the U20 World Cup."
"It's really hypocritical at this time giving Chaplin a great opportunity to discredit a rival if he forgets to cancel u20 the most common sin is but why keep quiet? Everyone also knows that 11 12 with PKS is anti-Israel. You bastard!!!"
"Israeli conspiracy theories have never passed the U20 World Cup but when the hosts Indonesia and Israel escaped? Isn't that odd? If you Israel too passed before Indonesia was chosen as host could Israel not request who will be the host? what can't Israel do?
"My answer was short Israel is a U20 participant. How come it was refused participation. While Indonesia is the host. It's funny."
"After the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was canceled many Indino football fans were angry. After this Muslim football fans will lose sympathy for Palestine and turn to support Israel?"
"what the hell dog the u20 world cup hasn't even started and already lost to israel."
"which was granted by the Republic of Indonesia failed to appear in the U20 because it did not get a free ticket as the host. Israel appeared in the U20 because it passed the qualification."
"Instagram was invaded by netizens because they rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup reward Pranowo was ignorant"
"I seriously ask Pak Jokowi what are the firm measures against the radical intolerant gangs what are the 212 PKS MUI the governors of Bali and Central Java and even other political parties for the rejection of the Israeli national team which in the end this country failed to host U20? Rip Indonesian football"
governor of bali: let's pray for the israel national team to be removed by fifa from the 2023 u20 world cup eric thohir israel disappointed pssi
"In my opinion in this case those who reject Israel think FIFA can be in the lobby even when FIFA has officially declared the U20 World Cup in Indonesia canceled and moved to another country they still believe that FIFA can still change its mind by lobbying"
"Mr. Ganjar rejected Israel not the U20 world cup. Or maybe the U20 world cup belongs to Israel so that Israel's lackeys and traitors to the constitution are busy blaspheming?"
"Don't bring religion into the world of football... because footballers of all races and religions exist... human beings pretend to be holy with Israel's rejection Indonesia is made into chaos by the universe of social media. The stupidity of the U20 Kadrun group in Indonesia is canceled according to the Azazil children's group"
"3 days ago I replied to this on someone's tweet about Israel. Either it's just a coincidence or it's been cursed. A handful of people rejected Israel even Indonesia was crossed out by FIFA from hosting the U20 World Cup."
u20 euro runner up gets 2 rations of israel tickets
not all participating countries in the u20 world cup are against israel
Indonesia's cancellation of hosting the U-20 World Cup was not due to I Wayan Koster's rejection &amp; Just reward Pranowo but because of PSSI's negligence &amp; the organizing committee did not anticipate early because the israel national team has qualified to become a participant in the u20 world cup since july 2022
"What is clear is the current situation namely the rejection of anti-Israel hadeeeh you are very satisfied if Indonesia fails to host the U20 don't give opinion please read FIFA's letter"
"Let's think positively is it possible that the security of the Israeli team is guaranteed while the local match in Malang has caused such a large number of victims. We can be disappointed but we also have to think positively for the safety of the participating teams in the U20."
"What is easy to predict the electability of PDIP and Ganjar will decrease. Because PDIP and Ganjar have so far been synonymous with Jokowi's success. PDIP and Ganjar rejected the Israeli national team thus canceling the U20 World Cup which was initiated by Jokowi. This disappointed the people."
"Are you sure that the reason FIFA crossed out Indonesia to host WC U20 was because of the rejection of the Israeli national team? I'm not sure huh! The people on the official FIFA website don't mention ""about Israel"" so the reason for Indonesia being dropped instead ""offends"" about the tragedy October 2022. Don't we really not be ready yet?"
"fifa cancels the u20 world cup the important thing is that fasting doesn't cancel what's certain is 1. Israel will continue to play football 2. Palestine will still be colonized by Israel 3. Indonesia is just playing pretty okay"
"I see sis I think activism has its place and the best activism is where the goal can be achieved. If the WC U20 case is a complete loss for us Palestine will get nothing" " Israel can still play. What do you do next?"
"It's understandable that the lord (GP) was bullied by his supporters because he bravely joined in refusing Israel to join the PD-U20. It's like Densi is being rude how come Anies is cool and calm about Israel's rejection. Even then the Densi tried to lure Anies to join but Anies is still Anies with his character dazzling"
"cos palestine and israel they are playing in the palestine league what are the circumstances so don't feel like being a governor make your sport messy it has been answered why Indonesia failed to host the u20 world cup the cause/reason for fifa is revealed"
Israel has passed the U20 world cup in the Indonesian uefa zone?
"As far as I know Israel entered the U20 World Cup after Indonesia was chosen to be the host bro as a representative because the U-19 runners up so we couldn't refuse at the start"
"israel is tired of training until they can pass the u20. uh they even asked them to go out with a country that didn't even pass at all wkwkwk. instead of apologizing if the argument harmed many people it even added confusion. be aware hey bro"
"In my opinion the WC U20 event is President Jokowi's ambition to introduce Indonesia to the world. But unfortunately from the start Pak Jokowi did not want to accept input from people who were against Israel. It would be impossible if Pak Mahfud did not give input to Pak Jokowi."
"Stupid people who think they are smart and act like heroes. They are shouting canceling Israel from participating in the u20 world cup and even his own country is the one who got the cancellation suspension as the host of kimak!"
"So this is the story bro Israel won 2nd place in the U19 World Cup so he has the right to qualify for the U20 World Cup. That's all and thank you"
"Yes FIFA has a double standard but what are the kosters and rewards for accepting contracts to support the holding of the U20 WC and it's always close?"
"This Bahlul Israel has qualified to take part in U20 won't you qualify for the U20 giveaway immediately"
"Where's the story of refusing the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup but still want the U20 World Cup to take place. It's like wanting to get married but refusing the presence of potential in-laws. Then being disappointed because the wedding was cancelled. It's okay..."
a player from bali about the rejection of the israel national team at the u20 world cup: i am ashamed and disappointed
"The Israeli national team passed the tough qualifications in Europe how come it was crossed out. At the Asean level it is difficult for Indonesia to win the ones who passed at U20 how come they have to be crossed out. If Israel rejects for the sake of the constitution all of them reject high schools that smell of Israel just like the European Union rejects Russia. "
"Stadium infrastructure road access security ticketing committee federation are far from ready to organize a grand event for the U20 World Cup. Israel's affairs are far from that number."
"What was rejected was Israel not the implementation of the U20 FIFA has not only mixed football and politics they have even annihilated the values ​​of human rights humanity and independence. values ​​that are nobler than one tournament!"
"""you're a team to push Israel to participate in the u20 world cup right?"" ""emmmmm..... shout bro can you call your friend first?"""
: what capital do you dare to come here? : I can make everyone happy uncle : how do you do it? :refuse Israel to play u20 world cup om : normal young people continue in 2024
You hate that the U20 World Cup has been postponed because your big Israeli family was refused to compete in Indonesia
"It's still a mystery is it true that the party asked to be rewarded for the statement rejecting Israel at the U20 World Cup?
governor of bali: let's pray for the israel national team to be removed by fifa from the 2023 u20 world cup
"u20 canceled replaced by camel racing""2.5 m"" israel erik tohir"
How come the sentence is so impressed that the rejection of Israel at U20 is a state policy and decision?
nope. they passed because they won. and now which country is willing to budge?. israel qualified because it's u20 which is where the strength of europe is currently showing in the senior team. so the analysis is invalid
if pure refuse israeli athletes. after u20 world cup. there is another sporting event in Bali where there is Israel. We are waiting for the PDIP's rejection
annoyed when they last said they were disappointed the u20 world cup wouldn't be held here. When I first said that I was refusing the Israeli national team I wasn't upset
"God those who asked the Israeli national team not to play in Indonesia and said the world would not end if the U20 was canceled in Indonesia don't seem to have any empathy at all. Bung Karno really said he supports Palestine being independent from Israel but how do you think?! subhanallah"
Today's "media" seems to be provoking that Indonesia's failure to host the U20 is related to the Israeli team's refusal just try to fix PSSI so that the Kanjuruhan tragedy also gets justice for the people who have lost their families' lives... so it doesn't happen again"
Fadli Zon is furious that the U20 World Cup has been canceled in RI: FIFA only defends Israel!
I hope Israel meets Iraq in one of the U20 world cup rounds (my hope is that they will meet in the grand final). we are +62 enough to be a spectator of their players shaking hands.
idiots. Indonesia has never lobbied FIFA to hold the U20 World Cup without Israel present. don't make it up you idiot
"Sir please voice this out. Don't let them compete in Indonesia. We have to keep the mandate of Bung Karno the founder of this nation. Come on sir raise your voice as loudly as you reject the Israeli U20 team to compete in Indonesia. CC too"
"First Israel is an official member of FIFA. Second Israel has passed the U20 World Cup with its own efforts and struggles.
the hypocrites' intentions are easy to read: 1. reject the Israeli national team in order to gain the sympathy of the defenders of Palestine. 2. Pretending to be disappointed with the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in order to gain sympathy from football fans
both sports and israel one of the participants. a person must be consistent with the initial attitude. don't just reject the u20 world cup but also have to reject the world beach games because there is israel as a participant. what are your thoughts
"This is the shape of the face of one of the governors who buried the dreams of this nation's young people to appear in Pildun if you are looking for face by rejecting Israel then it is more noble for the U20 national team to find faces with high achievements for the sake of nkri sir!!! congrats you won a landslide honorable father ."
"Yes sir. It's true. The European Union is really not happy with Indo. Then the Israel U20 National Team was deliberately passed bro so that Indonesia failed to become the host. It's true what you said bro. It's true it's true"
it has nothing to do with the israel u20 national team
who yesterday refused to allow the Israeli team to come to Indonesia for the U20 World Cup so the World Beach Games event also had to refuse. someone is valued because of his attitude then that attitude must be maintained
"The local authority's refusal is very important... why sign the host city agreement if in the end it breaches the contract? Now you can't blame it? Just blame Israel why did it pass the U20 World Cup selection!"
Yes thank goodness Israel didn't come and the U20 World Cup didn't happen
I am even more convinced that the cancellation of the U20 World Cup is not just because of Israel
why only events on u20 are rejected? Previously there was an event with Israel too. if not the ball is not crowded yes.
drowned supporters of the resistance to the u20 israel coming to Indonesia
"That's the word circumtances (use "es/s") not circumtance... meaning not a single condition but many conditions in the end FIFA felt unsafe just playing on U20 in Indonesia with a series of events up to the hottest ""rejected Israel" ". fifa just doesn't want to open it."
"Thank you for using the campaign bpk but please explain to the public especially those who love football why is FIFA canceling the U20 football party? If it is because of a case of corruption it certainly does not make sense. If it is because of Israel's rejection please let me know how to fire the propocator."
bullshit..you are racist..11 Israelis just want to play football in Indonesia.you refuse!! remember..preparations for the u20 world cup have been prepared for a long time. a lot of state money that has gone out but ended up in vain. PDIP as a party supporting the government must be held accountable.
"especially if u20 only the world cup which Russia is proud of is eliminated why can't Israel the world's terrorist be able to do it?
"Try to imagine a scenario like this: ""Due to the political turmoil in the country (Israel) which is getting out of control the U20 National Team declares to withdraw from the event in Argentina."""
well actually if the u20 world cup is still being held in Indonesia it is even more interesting because there is extra hard security for all participants especially Israel
"Indonesia fails to host the World Cupu20 that's not a significant problem it will be more of a problem if Indonesia still hosts the U20 World Cup but Israel joins Erick Thohir"
people who refuse the arrival of the israel u20 team to indonesia because politically defend palestine. this means mixing football with politics. while Palestine the country that is being defended actually separates football from politics. actually the stupid one?
"yohanes must have been very happy to be rewarded with much blasphemy because of it" his statement rejected the arrival of the israel u20 national team
The case of the recommendation only complements the cancellation of Indonesia to host the 2023 U20 World Cup. The main cancellation is due to our rejection of the Israeli team. Don't talk about football achievements if sports affairs are still associated with politics and religion
"Is it possible that this happened in Indonesia?? Very likely how many times has the scheme happened the latest wc u20 which made noise there was the arrival of the Israeli team and there is a narration that the bad ones can be welcomed with all their reasons and will be accepted by open minded and lgbt ri1"
how about anis lord's response with u20 nyet..refuse to support israel..yet...the candidate for president cemen doesn't dare to take risks
"There are no GP supporters who defend Israel try to show just one if there are many who defend the fate of the Indonesian U20 national team."
"israel as a participant in the u20 world cup football they only want to play football not make noise"
When the Israeli parliament was present at the meeting where did the voices of those of you who rejected the presence of the Israeli football team go? Are you guys in cave or pretending to be stupid? obviously the meeting was a political meeting but you were all silent but you guys got noisy because there was the u20 world cup event and you felt like you were coming home
"Disappointed for sure if only the U20 World Cup was held in Indonesia and the Israeli national team competed in Indonesia which incidentally is the country with the largest Muslim population fortunately Indonesia failed to become the host this should be a lesson for all of us Allohu Akbar !!"
Indonesia's cancellation of hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup was reported by two Israeli media. the times of israel said indonesia was canceled from hosting the u20 world cup amid political tensions over israel's participation. &lt;
"The European power that you mean is in the senior team. If at the age competition level like U20 it's only natural that Israel can qualify. If you've only been following football recently it's better not to be pretentious" for analysis. Stupid"
"So far apart from demonstrating and then keeping quiet there has been no continuation & condemnation there has been no real action such as coming to Palestine to defend directly or the Israel lobby or the UN lobby do it continuously. The effect is only sporadic & unwise actions for Indonesia to lose a lot of things like case u20."
Yes maybe Israel could be disqualified from the U20 World Cup if the participating teams share one vote... the only problem is that only Indonesia insists that Israel doesn't participate and the other participants don't mind Israel joining friends who can manage FIFA?
Member of the Kali Dpr Commission from the PDIP faction: Wayan Koster really had to reject the Israeli National Team at the U20 World Cup
"I predict in 2023 you will refuse Israel to compete in Indonesia then the U20 World Cup will be cancelled."
I just wanted to be proud of Indonesia as the host of the u20 but there was a lot of noise so it was canceled... Israel is moving forward we are left behind.
tar don't forget to trip up all the arrival of Israelis to Indonesia so that we are also tripped up by all nations in the world sir. don't stop at u20 the israel team just doesn't have a fun name...
which is certain to be playing yes israel at u20.
buried the hopes of young Indonesians to play football in the u20 world cup due to the refusal to participate in the israel u20 national team
FLP invites literacy activists to reject the arrival of Timmas Israel at the FIFA U20 World Cup
"If you want to be cool the national team passes the group phase to meet Israel and continues to win against Israel after all Israel u20 has a lot of Muslim players too where the strikers just bow down when they score. I'm confused if PM Israel comes here Netanyahu just does a demo Bush did a demo first come too"
"It's really easy to say that Mr. Rewards deserves yesterday's declaration of refusal lightly. There was no heart &amp; thought for the future and the impact. What was the most disadvantaged by the players with the cries of U20 players who were deprived of their rights. Palestine plays football Israel plays football what with yesterday's declaration Palestine is now independent ?"
"just pray yourself sir wong israel joins the u20 world cup not because of a prize"
"fifa is afraid of israel. in the world cup fifa dared to cross out russia because of the conflict with ukraine but fifa did not dare to cross out israel from the u20 world cup for israel's barbarity against palestine. fifa fuck you"
"Ok the DPR has rebutted yesterday that Commission III was lectured by Pak Mahfud that it was a fraudulent invitation so what's the difference between the Israeli national team which was not officially invited by Indonesia but has the right to take part in the U20 World Cup because it passed the qualifications? Stop fooling the people! !"
"Because of the defense of Palestine football has been in suspended animation but Palestine is still playing the U20 World Cup and it's possible that we can meet Israel too. We just stare at stupid people while swearing ""jancoook dobol matanepicek"" who are being defended Indonesia is still banned. That's it! !!"
"Not a different attitude Gibran from the start was irritated by the reaction of the Israeli national team's rejection because they had invested in the U20 World Cup."
"yep! fifa is in politics becoming a tool for Israel to strengthen its existence in the world. canceling the hosting of the u20 world cup and letting an colonial team walk a strange policy! countries in the world must immediately form a new world football federation."
"Insanity doesn't really improve itself instead it takes revenge and demands that Fifa cross Israel what is the sin of the u20 national team? The quality of our politicians is really bad."
Why are you attacking Israel? what did they do wrong in this context? they passed through the preliminary round and their right to go to the u20 world cup. you are so kolak that you are unable to distinguish politics from sport. stop being a fool
"pdi-p pks gp wk 212 and israeli resistance dipildun u20 time and place are welcome to umbar the 1945 constitution and humanity again"
"You know what that means. You know Israel? Looking for accurate information why didn't U20 be held in Indonesia. What's the reason? FIFA doesn't talk about Israel. The tragedy is that the winds in Indonesia don't take any more victims."
just agree... don't vote for a president who rejects the u20 world cup for any reason !!! israel or what...
"This is due to the impact of Mas and the Governor of Bali's statement the cadres from trying if there is no statement against the Israel U20 National Team playing in Indonesia of course there will be no incident like this and the Indonesian U20 National Team will play as host‼"
"Yes now Israel is laughing because Indonesia failed to host WC-U20. I want to ban Israel from playing football in Indonesia instead Indonesia has canceled playing football."
"I'm also disappointed sir. But I didn't participate in rejecting Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup because I considered the risks that Indonesian football might take. Save Palestine fuck Israel love Indonesia."
"For example this is an example. If Israel is really crossed out and doesn't take part in the U20 World Cup will Palestine be independent? Indonesia can be the host again? Letting Israel play football doesn't mean it supports colonialism it's just a sport it's football"
"Seeing the cries of these young people how do you feel about the people who rejected the Israel team at the U20 World Cup? You are like parents who do not recognize their own children to defend others. You bury their big dreams if you destroy their careers"
Football is beautiful but it's a shame it's not in Indonesia.. the tragedy of the proposal was a consideration for FIFA but Israel's refusal was the trigger for Indonesia's cancellation to host the U20 World Cup... one Indonesian already knows where the Israeli national team's rejection is going..
Bro if yesterday's U20 World Cup continued and the Israeli flag was added the song was played in Indonesia where would the effect be? Is this what the cadres are afraid of?
It's a shame that it failed to become the host of the U20 soccer team.. there are regional head officials who talk on social media rejecting the presence of Israeli football... but regret that Indonesia has been canceled as host... wishy-washy officials should not be elected during the 2024 election..
""I invite the people of Bali to pray together so that FIFA is moved to continue to act fairly by eliminating the Israeli team in the 2023 U20 World Cup" said Koster Thursday (30/3/2023) quoted from the Bali tribune."
"The letter was polite. If there is no rejection of Israel the U20 World Cup will take place! Just take it easy beforehand!"
disappointed why yes? Isn't he one of them rejecting the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team. How come you just realized that is FIFA really subject to his rules?
it's better to pray that Israel wins the u20 world cup it will be granted
"For example the U-20 World Cup continues in Indonesia the governor refuses verbally at best the most horrifying thing is that mass organizations might cause casualties from both Israel and their organizations."
the israel u20 national team coming to indonesia does not mean the end.
just thinking anyway. surprised to see a gangar reject the israel team just to play football in indonesia. I'm so suspicious of this. Pak Ganjar said he refused the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. and finally the world cup was canceled in Indonesia
"I was very amazed and hoped that you could become the Republic of Indonesia 1 in 2024 but you said about Pildunu20 attack me not my family! What happened to Indonesia's failure to become the host because of the reaction against the refusal of Mr. PDIP etc. to the Israeli team for not attacking the families of the U20 national team players ?"
"The public should be aware that this nation is being divided by the You 20 World Cup case. The nation's children who are great at football don't worry too much. If you are really talented there must be a thousand ways to succeed"
pdip about canceling the u20 world cup: why is it easier for fifa to cross out indonesia than israel?
"Oh it turns out that the Israel U20 National Team has not fulfilled the 40% document from the Ministry of Industry so it is not allowed to enter Indonesia."
"It's just like the U20 team playing super... it's impossible for politics not to be related as long as dealing with or Israel is still there. Unless all of you are infidels or hypocrites it's up to you what you want to do. Our attitudes actions and words as Muslims will be held accountable in the future "
you think the u20 world cup will still be held without the israel national team eh instead it's all canceled with fifa
There is no Israeli word in the press release of Indonesia's cancellation as host of the U-20 World Cup. actually mentioning the October 2022 tragedy. Maybe FIFA thinks that Indonesia is still not ready in terms of security.
Ganjar: Israel refused to play in the U20 World Cup. Ganjar: Disappointed at FIFA's decision to cancel Indonesia from hosting. Ganjar: Rejecting Israel is Indonesia's foreign policy decision. consistent rewards!
Yes I think that's related to politics so Israel can't play in the U20 world cup! just like russia in the kmren world cup
It's clear that soccer bosses don't follow the progress of the u20 soccer qualification journey itself. so that Israel's entry seemed so sudden and fatal
"Yesterday there was an uproar about rejecting the Israel U20 National Team to participate in the world cup in Indonesia now it is even more excited because Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup so they criticized each other and blamed each other and justified each other's opinions"
support u20 israel national team will compete in indonesia...
"This is like Israel the Israeli U20 team the children of rich people who passed the ABR selection used the normal route from medical tests to pantohir they have already passed their education. All that remains is the inauguration. Then suddenly there is commotion...."
"I don't know what it's like to be happy over suffering but rejecting Israel is the right choice and we don't lose at all even though we are crossed out from hosting the U20 World Cup"
"mahfud md today attended the assembly hall meeting regarding the flow of 300t illicit funds Indonesia failed to host the u20 world cup because it was accused of israel issues last week visited palestine. juliet4d - 100% bonus ball betting up front"
"kadrun became sad when the u20 world cup failed to be held. even though they had been waiting for that moment and made it an "international humanitarian tragedy" because fifa was organizing it. "
"Automatically in vain our struggles in international forums especially the United Nations. Think logically he did not reject the U20 world cup but he firmly rejected the Israeli national team. (2)"
it is not clear exactly what is meant by fifa as the current situation in question. However it is strongly suspected that what is meant by the current situation is related to the rejection from some quarters of the Israeli delegation that passed the U20 to compete in Indonesia.
"The one who made the clarification after the cancellation of the U20 World Cup Pak Hasto. I'm really suspicious don't all of this come from him including what was said in the vlog Mr. Ade Armando the party official who ordered Mr. Ganjar to reject the Israeli national team yes he is."
Didn't the 2 people sign the host agreement? Israel from June 2022 has definitely passed the U20 World Cup why not last year? why is it only now that it is in sight?
"israel u20 national team boss shenggol dooogggg..... awokwokwokwok..."
It's okay to defend people who don't have commitment. they signed the government agreement and then in the last minute they rejected Israel even though Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup since June 2022. They have destroyed the future of football and embarrassed Indonesia to the world.
"It's been a long time but it's not entirely the basis for considering Indonesia being removed from hosting the U20 World Cup…the main factor implicitly is "due to the current circumstance" in FIFA's letter which means the issue of the Israeli team being refused entry to the Indonesian World Cup"
"Yup actually blocking Israel from the FIFA World Cup U20 is not the right choice because for sure there will be many risks accepted by the Indonesian side this is a very political country in the field of sports just use it to bring politics too"
maybe the intention is so that Israel can't play at U20 just like Russia can't play at the world cup. but the effect is not as expected.
wooiii...playoff means russia has not yet qualified for qatar!! how much do you know! israel has passed the qualification and is entitled to be a participant in u20! understand the difference?
"why are you crying... wong I'm disappointed and angry... from the start there was a rejection from my Israeli team &amp; many people already know it's impossible for the will of those who refused to be obeyed by FIFA surely Indonesia is the one who canceled being the host FIFA appointed another country at u20 it will continue according to schedule israel will still be a participant.."
This zone has been against Israel for a very long time. so he must be very happy about the cancellation of the ind becoming master of the U20
"The public was made to believe that the failure of the Pildun-U20 was due to the rejection of the Israeli national team which was voiced by several groups and of course there were figures from the ruling party. the secretary general and two governors."
"Not an Israeli polemic Indonesia's cancellation to host the U20 World Cup is due to a proposing case"
"I'm sorry sir as a result of your statement towards the Israeli u20 team it resulted in my sympathy & support for you as a presidential candidate I'm revoking it."
"If you are really disappointed and sad when there is refusal from the governor the president should firmly guarantee that the Israeli team is safe to play and that Indonesia is capable of holding U20 not playing victim as if it had tried. In fact after the statement of refusal there was no action."
failing u20 has tarnished indonesia in the eyes of the world. now it's nonsense to remove Israel........ is this the quality of our office?
indeed from the start it did not pass the stadium verification stage (the stadium was not suitable) and also the training field facilities were not yet suitable for holding an event of the same class as FIFA (world cup) even though it was for the age of 20. therefore to cover the disgrace that is more dilapidated the reason for Israel's rejection is used
"Come on open your eyes ears and heart so you can realize the reason FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup match in Indonesia okay...! Are you still asking for accountability to the Israeli team who refused to take part in the U20 World Cup here...? prove it. Please ask them who shouted loudly!!"
Palestine alone supports legal Israel participation at U20. this is sport if politics is clear we are pro palestine there is nothing to do. and it turns out that several times Israeli athletes have come to Indonesia several times to take part in sporting events that are currently being held in Indo?? no fuss
the governor's prayer is really bad. not praying for Indonesian u20 football to be able to keep playing but praying for the israel team that has passed through effort.
"Even if the U20 World Cup is still held in Indonesia it will still fry the Israeli issue that's how it behaves. Two-faced."
Indonesia won't host the U20 World Cup... awokawok fak fanatical I'm really crying I'm hurt because the Indonesian nation refuses Israel to play? stupid stupid stupid Indonesian football you get a very big sanction do you understand that you are a member of the community how are you astgh
"yeah...fifa can't clearly write about Israel's rejection it's a sensitive issue but everyone should understand what's going on at the moment in ind related to ind's status as the host for u20 (earlier)..?"
Rejecting the U20 Israel National Team to defend Palestine has reached that much. what's the result? failed to become a host cancels participating in the u20 world cup sanctions waiting for what's up? Palestine U20 which is being defended? Defending Indonesia U20 G? Israel U20 won a landslide victory over Indonesia without breaking a single drop of sweat
this is the first time I want to say bad things to Mr. Ganjar. just shut up your mouth. !!! and what Mr. Rewards said about the Israel U20 team is that it doesn't make sense and common sense. Why are you trying to put sports affairs into political affairs?
"At least Israel can take part in the WC because it has passed the qualification which means their quality is suitable for competing in the U20 WC the Indonesian national team is good and good for participating in the U20 WC the host's route instead it's broken try to qualify first against Thailand for example"
"due to current circumstances meaning that it is caused by the current situation. what is happening at the moment is the rejection by 2 governors some political parties and mass organizations of the team participating in the you 20 world cup namely Israel so fifa removes Indonesia as the host for the u20 world cup. just ask the experts bs so you understand"
the positive side of failing the u20 world cup. Israel has the potential to be in a group with the national team. Psywar sprtr by unfurling the Palestinian flag in the stands will not have any effect if the national team is slaughtered by Israel. in fact Israel was laughing happily feeling victorious from all directions being able to enter and slaughter Indonesia at the same time.
"People from young and old people feel disappointed that the U20 World Cup event failed to be held in this country even though many people have been waiting for it just because a handful of people don't like Israel. The point is if you want to be a political fanatic you know where to be."
"The governor of Bali invites the people of Bali to pray for FIFA to cross Israel after the removal of Indonesia as host for the 2023 U20 World Cup Wayan Koster asks the public to pray so that FIFA will take a turn eliminating the Israeli national team.""I invite the people of Bali to pray together…"
"It's still bringing Lgbt in comparison to Israel even though Lgbt is social movements. If Israel is in the context of football it's the federation which is a member of FIFA and qualified for WC U20.
"The PDI Perjuangan hopes that there will be the best solution so that Indonesia will continue to host the U20 World Cup. Secretary General of the PDI Perjuangan Hasto Kristiyanto said our attitude emerged after Israel was confirmed to qualify."
"It is FIFA that forbids Russia from joining the WC not Qatar. Even if Israel had to be banned from joining the WC-U20 it is FIFA that has the right to do so. What right does Indonesia have to ban it? It's just like a building being rented for an event. Can the building owner want to ban it? invited guests who have events?"
"1. why did you have to say no to Israel at the end why not at the beginning before signing to accept the u20 world cup? 2. why is uncle deny still defending pak ganjar? 3. why in the interview pak ganjar said sadly the u20 world cup in indonesia was cancelled? Why are you so wishy-washy?"
nyet why are you silent and not responding to u20.. refuse to support israel nyet.
"Be honest sir don't worry that Indonesia isn't ready to hold FIFA WC U20 there are many aspects that don't meet FIFA's standard criteria... luckily Israel is saving face... (this is my wild thought)"
"It's sad disappointed. Because of their actions. We can only watch the U20 Palestine National Team compete the You 20 Israel National Team compete in terms of those who are fighting say stupid people who can't distinguish between sports and politics."
sir are you relieved that the israel team doesn't appear in the u20 world cup??? congrats sir...you are fighting for those over there...the children of their own country are the victims...
"I understand that many are annoyed with this Israeli issue so am I but please also don't close our eyes to the dilapidated preparations for the U20 World Cup..."
congratulations sir for winning to prevent the israel national team from competing in indonesia and defeating the dreams of the 2 children of the u20 national team
the israel national team that qualified for the qualifiers deserves to be sad if they fail to compete in the u20 world cup
"Yes I didn't reject the U20 World Cup event but when it happened I didn't become the host because you refused to allow Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup so where did you throw a stone while hiding your hand"
"Can you imagine after the Republic of Indonesia was canceled the organizers of the WC U20 Wee suddenly tomorrow Israel withdrew from being a participant because of other things hmmmm"
eat that those who support you against Israel (pildun u20) are only 35% while those who are disappointed are 65℅ because of your attitude mamam will lose his vote in 2024
Bodo really cares about U20 the important thing is that Israel doesn't step on its feet here
"Palestine is running as usual.. Israel is still playing at U20.. What benefits do we Indonesia get from this refusal?? It smells good why are we going international?"
"Sad or sad if you're sad you should have followed FIFA rules yesterday yesterday you were most keen on rejecting Israel who was a U20 participant how come now you say you're sad not to be the host"
"Wow dog what are you barking about? The one who rejected the Israeli U20 National Team was you and your gang? What's wrong with Erick Thor? Throw a rock and hide your hand... you dog"
Palestinians don't mind playing with Israel. Your friends pretend to defend Palestine. Our U20 players are being wronged because of the behavior of your friends.
In 2024 it's better to be president of FIFA so that when there is an event in 2026 Israel is not invited even though it has passed the qualifications. clumsy crazy keun hatur nuhun sir. should be able to watch the national team at the u20 world cup. hadeeeeh
"Agreed it would be worse if we lose our identity when we accept Israel in the U20. However the ideals of our constitution are the price of death."
"By the way I'm curious if Israel fails to play in the Indo U20 world cup will Palestine be free from colonial occupation of its territory for more than 70 years?
"It seems that many already know that FIFA has questioned the tragedy of the previous recommendation and will become a stumbling block for the implementation of the U20 World Cup not because of the Israeli team's rejection is that what it is?"
"It must be admitted that he is ""the best"" but remember the PDIP's treatment of all this time? Very condescending. Should it be repeated again?? The case of the Israeli U20 team's rejection is very clearly a PDIP's arrogance. So don't vote for PDIP cadres again.!! Also don't aries!!"
"Israel can still perform at the U20 Puldum Palestine continues to appear at the Asian Cup. Meanwhile Indonesia has cut off the golden generation spending 1.4 trillion sold out. However even though they cannot appear at the U20 World Cup Indonesia can still appear at the Asian Dangdut League ."
Is it true that if Israel U20 plays in Indonesia will the world also come to an end?
"The point is Ms. Indonesia will be the host of the U20 World Cup so in 2 months the event will take place. There will be party organizations and governors (Gangar the governor of Bali who refused Israel's visit because Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup now it is canceled so they are angry with the governor who refuse"
"Sad. Even though the current circumstances of the U20 World Cup were due to the Israeli team's refusal some were even angry. Meanwhile the October 22 case was included in a paragraph with a different focus of discussion. That's why you use the sentence: ""fifa would like to underline that despite this decision . .."""
"Well what about the budget that has been disbursed for the U20 World Cup: 0 but in fact regarding Israel's entry into Indonesia especially regarding state activities yes there are... Maybe politicians are just mad at their people because yes you know 2024 :v"
"It's even crazier when they reject the Israeli team. Israel is the 19th-year-old runner-up so it's impossible to write it off even if it's crossed out cross out the governor of Bali and Gu Central Java those who make a fuss over U20 football or withdraw regularly."
"America took part in the U20 World Cup why didn't you say no to America too why only Israel? I think the reason you rejected Israel was not because of the constitution"
"You just read the Kadrun strategy you are really enthusiastic about rejecting Israel now that FIFA has crossed out the Republic of Indonesia you have become the new U20 host looking for excuses playing the victim throwing taek and then showing up. Anies said he supports Israel so that those who are disappointed because of the stupid GP move to him unclean"
Where was your humanity at the time of the tragedy? in the colony..
gp has an attitude that only palestine is hated... then if gp supports israel in the u20 world cup are you responsible...? Why do you want to support Palestine?!!
"FIFA certainly doesn't want to mention clearly the Israeli case in the WC U20 host cancellation clause because it will definitely attract the world's attention especially because the world still remembers that FIFA previously eliminated Russia from WC 2022."
"Idiot dog wants to go anywhere Israel still plays at U20 but what about Indonesia"
"After FIFA announced that the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia they realized that some even blamed PSSI for not having a strong lobby some asked Israel to pray that it would be crossed out of the U20 World Cup disappointed that Indonesia was crossed out... wow they are so cute"
"Your happiness is sadness for the players do you know if they train hope and have dreams. If only the discordant voice of Israel's Palestine is the reason isn't that a stupid thing to erase the dream"" U20 players."
"Why is it that because of WC U20 suddenly there are so many Israeli sympathizers? People are starting to get sick if the Dajjal comes to Indonesia 99% will definitely become his followers"
"Proud of rejecting the U20 World Cup they feel the most righteous it feels like a guarantee of heaven if they have defended Palestine they are willing to lower their own nation to glorify other nations Indonesia is thrown out while Israel and Palestine are still sweet children in FIFA's eyes...."
"Indonesia is a big nation with a small soul. A bull with a small soul. It has proven to be inferior in accepting Israel. The result is messy. I hope that the Israeli U20 team will be blessed by Allah to become world champions. And Indonesia will receive harsh sanctions so that the Kadrun are happy"
Israel is still playing on the U20 Pldun if Israel is peaceful Palestine will surely end because they will not be peaceful at any time
your nutmeg lollipop exploded it's clear Israel runner up uefa u20 in the final lost against England and automatically qualified for the world cup then the only ones who qualified were the hosts who refused Israel even though other countries didn't reject it
"Maybe the U20 World Cup being canceled in Indonesia is indeed the best thing that should happen. Rather than later for example continue and no one can guarantee the safety of the Israeli team or other countries. Lha Wong Persija vs Persib or some league 1 matches which are prone to solutions without spectators "
How much budget is wasted. Do you want those who are sarcastic about Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup ending in failure? The future of Indonesian football is complicated and unclear on the verge of FIFA sanctions
"Yes this is probably the best way. If the U20 World Cup is held the Israel National Team will definitely be terrorized by the Indonesian people who don't like them and that will make things worse add to Indonesia's bad image on the world stage and again another case of adjudication it won't end"
"The attitude of the Balinese government in rejecting the Israeli delegation was assessed by FIFA as evidence of messy communication within the Jokowi government and the Jokowi government's lack of seriousness in holding the WC U20. The point is that FIFA is angry because it feels that the tournament is not being appreciated that's all."
"His brain has been shattered big plans have been canceled by FIFA. Indeed what you are consolidating now is closely related to the U20 World Cup. Israel's arrival has become a long debate to galvanize consolidation to extend the presidential term. But the mission was canceled and in vain""."
Let's see how consistent the bastards are who rejected the Israeli national team until the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia
Why do people who exercise regularly still get heart attacks? ======== mahfud pssi fifa cancels palestine israel erick thohir national team u20 nomination of the president of the ball
"So you mean this: paragraph 1 because of the Israeli team's rejection of paragraph 2 Indonesia was removed from the U20 World Cup host paragraph 3 FIFA still accompanies Indonesia after the tragedy right?"
The background behind this refusal was that the biggest reason was not from PSSI but from outsiders who opposed Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. It looks really pity that PSSI is always being demanded to clean up even though the cause is not from their side
"The cancellation of the Indonesian U20 players is not because of Israel but because of a lack of skills it's because your football has made politics!!!"
it means it's true that Pldun U20 in China has to be cancelled. great I agree moreover there is Israel as well. Russian time is different treatment
"The next step is to encourage the governors in Argentina Peru and Qatar and their MUI to reject Israel's presence so that WC U20 is canceled. All of you."
"That's wrong FIFA... they should have obeyed Israel was disqualified. In the end we canceled the U20 World Cup. They must be regretting it now"
"Until now those who rejected the presence of the Israeli national team have not commented on the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
Koster invites residents to pray that Israel will be crossed out by FIFA from the U20 World Cup. where do you read the prayer sir
"Israel continues to play in WC U20 Palestine continues to play in the Asian Cup and Indonesia still . . . . "
"FIFA doesn't obey... Israel should be disqualified and not allowed to play then we don't want to cancel the U20 World Cup."
latest football news nova88 indonesia click: israel national team's rejection allegedly caused indonesia to cancel hosting the 2023 u20 world cup. in full
"Try to take it back again and remember the date bro the governor of Bali refused? So continue to find out why the governor of Bali rejected the Israeli national team for what reason? (clue: trauma). Now see after a few hours the governor of Bali refused the U20 World Cup soundtrack was immediately deleted. That who made the final fifa decision in the first place"
trust uud45? You take care of those non-Muslims who want worship to be disbanded. taking care of other people's countries but they (Palestine & Israel) are fine on the u20 stage.. instead you are sacrificing the dreams of the nation's children and umkm. humiliate Indonesia and spend the state budget. you read a lot of code. cuaxxx !!
There is truth in the sentence from supporters who reject Israel: Indonesia will not end without the U20 World Cup. but if all of you who reject Israel die Indonesia will still exist. I'll just say yes all of you will die
"If the U20 World Cup were to be held then Jakarta would become a horrific battleground between "bonek" supporters and anti-Israeli radical groups. Jakarta would burn for days and the consequences would be fatal. The government would be brought down by bringing to court internal. "
"Respect sir for the struggle. The question is whether only football will be wanted or everything that smells of Israel too. Let's just wait for their consistency. The U20 World Cup should not be canceled but we will give Israel 10-0 on the field & raise the Palestinian flag. "
why israel joining u20?
"Very disappointed with the attitude of the people who caused the Indonesian U20 World Cup to be cancelled. We will lose Israel will continue to play the U20 World Cup"
"I'm a football lover who always watches TV when the Indonesian national team plays...supporting the rejection of the Israeli national team it won't kill the dream of the u20 national team. use this as a medium for reflection and evaluation remember that for decades Indonesia has been able to play football and what are its achievements?!"
These people have made blunders and still pray for the bad... instead of praying for the bad it's better to just pray for Israel to win the u20 world cup. after all the fault is not the israel national team but your mouths....
if you want to reject the israel u20 team.. beat them on the football field..!!!
"Playing is wrong failing to play is also wrong...?? What do you want boss???? I haven't read FIFA's explanation regarding any stadium this is a matter of massive rejection (refusing to draw Israel in Bali). What is the connection between Anies &amp; jokowi about the stadium jis preparation for the u20 word cup is there any evidence that ashes are insane????"
Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup was it Erick Thor? In my opinion one of the parties that rejects its interests is not because of Israel but rather about the political year in Indonesia? but I hope I'm wrong.
Maybe one of the reasons FIFA crossed out Endonesah to become a homecoming for the U20 World Cup is because Endonesah is complicated!! israel e is sante wae
"Halah pret! Precisely with Israel's refusal you are worried that it will happen again like what was suggested by you as a GP volunteer? Do you really defend yourself? Do you think Jokowi & Et are playing games to host the U20 World Cup? Just use your brain don't put it in the fridge‼"
"Idiot reasoning! the suggestion is that the term is already a yellow card the opportunity that only one more time remains through the U20 World Cup should be a moment of improvement instead of unclear mass organizations stupid political parties and cardboard politicians pretending to reject the Israeli national team. Even people like this don't understand. Stupid !"
"I read wrong saw wrong ended up misunderstood the political parties that perpendicularly rejected the U20 Word Cup (Team Israel) the first time I read PDIP the first governor who refused Israel to participate in Bali & Central Java then where is the image of the PDIP people? So if those who are keen to succeed at U20 that's just really biting their fingers !!"
the face looks happy like that pretending to be disappointed in this pekaes. you are the culprit. Israel even existed and the Indonesian U20s lost before competing.
"those who don't have a heart & brain who feel themselves to be part of the party that rejects the israel u20 national team playing in Indonesia please cheer and be satisfied"
governor of bali: let's pray for the israel national team to be removed by fifa from the 2023 u20 world cup
I hope Israel wins the U20 world cup.
"One of the keys to the dangers of old age is being able to prevent Israel from playing football at the U20 World Cup. Moreover being able to enjoy the sadness of players coaches fans and some of the BGS. Hopefully we won't be like that it's dangerous to grow old."
"how funny after firmly rejecting the israel national team so that fifa revoked the status of hosting the u20 world cup in Indonesia.. he said "his disappointment"""
Israel U20 went to Indonesia because of FIFA Kocam's invitation they thought we invited him
when the israel u20 national team found out that the arema fans had died from gas
"Such as by blocking the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup it is possible that our athletes will on another occasion experience a similar rejection."
"That it is natural for the Indonesian people to feel frustrated regarding the uncertainty of solutions regarding the Palestine-Israel problem. However this should not affect sportsmanship in the realm of sports including football."
"The following are the results of my joint interview on Saturday March 18 2023 which stated that there were things that were not "right" about the Israeli national team's polemic in the U20 World Cup."
"Imagine if the u20 cup and Israel played in Indonesia many groups of habib² camplu FPI education demonstrating to earn a living..!!!"
"Israel has passed the U20 world cup because the struggle/competition is not from results unlike our national team so it is impossible to be rejected our national team has been eliminated"
"Indonesia's cancellation from hosting the U20 World Cup is not the fault of the Indonesian nation but a form of injustice perpetrated by FIFA against its members. Look at the fate of Russia which was removed from the World Cup for attacking Ukraine. But Israel which colonized the Palestinian nation is safe"
God bless Israel U20 world champion. once in a while Allah is on Israel's side what the heck..!
"Disappointed or happy sir yesterday you also rejected the arrival of the U20 Israeli football team now you just said you were disappointed you guys said you have to follow the 1945 Constitution but this is not politics sir this is a football competition"
"Still rejects Israel PDIP secretary general is now sad that the U20 National Team has been canceled from the World Cup"
"The public is even more confused Using Ganjar also feels disappointed because WC U20 was canceled in Indonesia. Even though he also rejected the arrival of the Israeli team which was the trigger for FIFA to cancel Indonesia as host."
example of people do not understand that football. FIFA has rules that cannot be interfered with. the lobby is somehow useless. Israel still participates in the U20 World Cup because it has qualified.
"The previous prayer that has been answered namely the failure of Indonesia to become the host of the U20 World Cup the prayer after that is that FIFA will cross Israel. Both prayers are bad. Bad for the nation itself bad for Israel too"
"Anies Basdewan is very smart. He is silent on the issue of the U20 Israel National Team. Elections have skyrocketed while Ganjar has winced."
sucks... germany is a lgbt supporter that doesn't mean the german national team can't play in the world cup in qatar 2022... what was rejected was the lgbt campaign in qatar not the german national team... meanwhile you reject the israel national team which has clearly passed the u20 taek world cup ...pretend to be disappointed
"Well... does Koster have the courage to reject Israeli athletes again? If he refuses the host of the beach games will be moved again or won't he? If Koster doesn't dare to refuse Israeli beach games athletes then he will be cursed all over Indonesia for rejecting Israel in the football world cup u20."
If later in 2050 there will be a U20 ball and Israel has not yet given Palestine land we will demonstrate again and again reject it and cancel it again and talk again that this is not the end of the world and this is Bung Karno's message.
"Karak areuk came only for the Israeli u20 football team Indonesia is shaking until it is an argument between brothers it's surprising."
"It's sad. Watching politicians and officials - forget about the role of religious hawkers who become cheerleaders - are crowding out the arrival of the Israeli U20 National Team it won't be surprising if the Republic of Indonesia doesn't take long to head towards NII (Indonesian Islamic State)."
"yeah but it's not certain to qualify for Qatar if Israel is U20 it's certain to pass"
u20 foreigners who refuse to come....the regime is ashamed to find a solution....play the issue of rejecting Israel....additional bonus: swearing at Palestinians. are you satisfied bro?????
"Political apology is not automatically trusted by the public! The public is very disappointed with FIFA's decision! Well who has spoken out against the Israel U20 team? As a result of your vote of rejection FIFA canceled Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup! In what way did they treat the public's disappointment? ?"
"The recommendation is gray in FIFA's eyes. It can be used as an excuse or not. But it is impossible to reject Israel which is one of the contestants in it. That was the main reason for canceling U20 in Indonesia. The reason for the recommendation emerged when Pak et lobbied FIFA in addition"
I'm so sick of seeing the Israeli national team so adamantly rejecting the cancellation of the hosting of the U20 World Cup in our country
"Rejection in the regions and mass organizations for Israel means that there is no guarantee of security for Israel in Indonesia... therefore FIFA easily removed Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup. Because FIFA wants all participants to be guaranteed safe Israel is no exception."
"It's just Fifa who doesn't understand FIFA shouldn't have included Israel in the Indonesian U20 World Cup. Fifa could have been Kadrun's henchman"
really sick of seeing the talker reject Israel and deploy demonstrations in Jakarta until the cancellation of the hosting of the U20 World Cup in our country
"Idiot when FIFA also appointed Indonesia as the host for the 2019 U20 World Cup FIFA also doesn't know Israel has qualified even if Israel has passed it's the people who are in trouble like you who have problems with Israel's politics in Palestine after all Palestine doesn't accept it Israel join the world cup
it's just sport sir. Did the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia due to rejection and Palestine immediately become independent? or israel immediately softened? or israel withdraw from gaza? or is this just a show of power of political parties against?
"Because of Israel's refusal. Fifa often burdens Israel. It's not fair just because of its place in our country. It's not fair for Israel. Now because if Israel is forced to take part in the U20 World Cup in Indo it will likely be chaotic. So this chaos is what you want to avoid like tragedy of choice."
constitutional analogy? Indonesia passed the u20 world cup because of achievement right? Yesterday Israeli athletes competed in Jakarta too right right? Where have you been?
I'm happy Grandma because the U20 national team doesn't deserve to be in the finals because they have never beaten any team. . but don't forbid those who are disappointed ina failed to become a host. because they only want the Israeli flag not to fly and Indonesia not expecting the U20 national team to play in the finals
"Your logic is reversed Pildu U20 and Israel are a package... use your brain so you don't fail to understand. Just give it time"
Rejecting Israel is probably the best way so there won't be riots... but I still hope that U20 will be implemented which makes me wonder... how can FIFA really be regulated... like Lue and
"The domino effect is starting to be refused to host the U20 World Pilala soon the Olympics will also be rejected the GP and others world-scale matches will be rejected because Indonesia rejects Israel"
"Because of PDI cadres we can't see the national team playing in the Pildun-U20. There should be a chance for the national team to beat Israel through sports."
"Indeed it was the readiness for the U20 World Cup and in fact after Israel joined in voices of rejection emerged in the community and the Coordinating Minister for PMK Muhajr instead suggested Israel play in Singapore and finally the momentum of the month of Ramadan agreed on Israel's ban"
Israel's national team's refusal is suspected of causing Indonesia to cancel hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup
Is it because the election is close does it stir up the Israeli-Palestinian issue? the feeling of dri kemaen is cool and calm u20
"That means the question is doesn't the governor of Bali know or don't care to know that the U20 World Cup will definitely have Israel?"
08. The signs that Indonesia will be canceled as the host of the PD-U20 can be seen when the drawing event was canceled so that nearly hundreds of millions of ball-calling netizens began to move in cyberspace with comments attacking those who rejected the arrival of the Israeli national team... &gt;&gt;&gt ;
"Don't be a hypocrite! This must also be rejected except for the attitude towards Israel in the U20 World Cup only so that the government fails at the end of the period so the "finger" is not valid for the 2024 presidential candidate. You have to speak again!"
that part was happy but what the bull asked for was the u20 world cup in i donesua without israel. did you listen to their demands for refusal?
"Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the U-20 World Cup knowing that in this world there is still Israel still bidding on the U-20 World Cup it is the most responsible bidder"
"Are those who killed 135 of our brothers and sisters under 20?? The ones who must be held responsible and destroyed are the killers not young people. These young people have been told to take responsibility. By the way Palestine is already free from Israel right? "
"In fact this deception is even worse because from the start you wanted to be the host the DPR already knew that a delegation from the Israeli parliament would come and the Republic of Indonesia had to accept it if you wanted to be the host and the DPR agreed. Unlike the U20 we never know which country will pass."
07. A terrorist expert also commented that the arrival of the Israeli national team could threaten national security. In fact several terrorist networks that are developing in Indonesia have the potential to carry out acts of terror in the PD-U20 event. this comment makes things even more 'scary' &gt;&gt;&gt;
"Should FIFA bro about Indonesia's position towards Israel before appointing Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup. So things like this don't happen. FIFA isn't smart enough! Or is it just a test case?"
"Israel is not cancelled Grandpa. He is still playing in the U20 World Cup. The Indonesian national team was canceled because he only got a seat because Indonesia Esia was the host"
"He's very funny the things above are said to be printed when Israel plays the U20 World Cup. What's the difference?
those who rejected the u20 national team came to it more than the Palestinian ambassador himself presidential candidate for palestine the democratic party the struggle for palestine the justice party for palestine
"yes don't you just reject Israel not reject the u20 world cup"
"Some Indonesians also don't like Israel's nation which colonizes Palestine but for U-20 national football and for the sake of the U-20 World Cup we separate politics and sports"
"fifa is smart they are afraid that if israel u20 plays in indonesia the victims could exceed the tragedy rightly the article is from the council governors to mass organizations down to reject it..the wrong wind is there shame for law enforcement officers & legal experts who are silent to see injustice in the country This"
because Ganjar supported the PDIP stanmen who refused the Israeli U20 national team to come to Indonesia
how come the pdip is so fatal how come the way of thinking is like kadrun refusing israel to compete in the u20 world cup? As a result the 2024 presidential candidate has no support from netizens.
"Is FIFA that narrow? Or are there other elements such as the tragedy of the recommendation or the results of a secret Jewish agent who reported to FIFA about the safety of WC U20 participants besides Israel positive thinking"
"Refusing on humanitarian grounds Israeli players are human too they have the same right to play as the other contestants in this U20 world cup. And you want to take that right not the same as the aggressor. As a true Real Madrid fan I'm disappointed."
rejection of Israel is not the place. If Israel insists on playing right there's a suggestion if he plays in V outside of Indonesia. We the Union reject Israel's Zionists and join in raising the flag in Indonesia not rejecting the U20 World Cup
FIFA explained that Indonesia would receive sanctions as a result of removing its status as host for the 2023 U20 World Cup. Previously Indonesia had also been subject to FIFA sanctions in the 1958 World Cup qualifiers for refusing to compete with Israel.
"You don't have to be chosen by people like this... taking kptsn how come you don't think about the pros and cons... as long as you refuse... Palestine alone can distinguish between football and politics. Yesterday rejected the Israeli national team now we are disappointed that Indonesia has been canceled to host the U20 World Cup"
"Today 30/3/2023 Indonesian football lovers have mourned their statement rejecting the U20 soccer team from Israel due to "identity politics".
"waiting for a plot twist for example: the u20 world cup will be held in singapore and indonesia. especially israel will compete in singapore"
"Why did FIFA cancel Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup?? Who refused to allow the Israeli U20 team to compete in Indonesia?? So I hope those who refuse will always be satisfied and happy with FIFA's decision !! Let national football become an arena for inter-village matches !!"
"This could be a domestic political problem friends. There are parties/groups that don't want Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup to be used as a weapon to hit them at the 2024 democracy party. Remember how a candidate for governor was defeated by religious matters they are afraid of being hit twice ."
"First make sure that FIFA's reason for removing the Republic of Indonesia from hosting the WC-U20. Because according to some media FIFA did this and had nothing to do with the Israeli team."
how naive it is to loudly reject Israel without thinking that there will be sanctions from FIFA who are anti-racist in football events. he thinks the u20 world cup stays in ind without israel participating. you're ridiculous....!!
In fact the government already knows that Indonesia will be crossed out from hosting the U20 World Cup due to a proposing case. To cover it up the 2 cadres were ordered to reject Israel under the pretext of this and that. (raising the issue of Israel) so what? sweet government
"Russia-Ukraine Russia is suspended from the league Israel-Palestine even Indonesia which is suspended cancels the hosting of the World Cup and there will be a FIFA sanction. What can you do..... the U20 national team should smile lo......"
"the israel u20 soccer team only wants to compete because it has qualified israel doesn't want to interfere with Indonesian nationalism &amp; doesn't want to change Indonesian aqidah because football is a sport &amp; not politics...!"
"even though you've answered but unfortunately you lack literacy from day one I've talked about advocating even for boycotting everything including WC U20 even before Israel passed but you can't read so it's slander here and there"
"Your happiness is adh by canceling the U20 because of your hatred for Israel. Indonesia's international political stance is not related to sports especially football. It turns out that you don't think about the career and future of Indonesian footballers and PSSI? Yesterday Israel participated in rock climbing no one commented"
"Why is there a rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team? because (anti-Semitic) hatred is instilled inherited and nurtured by (the hawkers) of religious dogma. Meanwhile the Palestinian and Israeli National Teams continue to compete elsewhere the Indonesian National Team bites its fingers as a spectator."
"I suspect long ago that Indonesia was indeed canceled by FIFA to host the U20 because of the incident at Kanjuran so they were looking for a scapegoat namely rejecting the Israeli national team."
reward for being left by his supporters... considered a blunder in rejecting the Israeli national team at the u20 world cup tuman...!!
"I suspect long ago that Indonesia was indeed canceled by FIFA to host the U20 because of the incident in Lanjuruan so they were looking for a scapegoat namely rejecting the Israeli national team."
"Congratulations sir on your commitment you have now achieved it now Israel is not playing football in Indonesia while Indonesia is also not playing in the U20 World Cup once again congratulations sir on achieving your commitment sir"
alhamdulillah thank God... Palestine stated that it would not be a problem if Israel played in the U20 world cup in Indonesia.
"In fact FIFA's consideration of canceling Indonesia's hosting of the U20 World Cup is a tragedy right? It's not serious not Israel's rejection."
"Anis began to play her political campaign by taking advantage of PSSI's failure to hold the U20 World Cup due to the rejection of the Israeli contingent this model wants to be a leader of overtunists walah"
"You take care of the U20 wc Israel politics snbp election reshuffle reward boarding house PDIP? stop. Take care of yourself more importantly."
ohhh how long do we have to hate israel... this is fasting month anyway... forgive each other think positively... just because ambition is afraid of voice not being there u20 become a victim
"alhamdulillaah ""thrown"" Zionist Israel for the sake of obedience to the constitution. not alhamdulillaah with the cancellation and transfer of the u20 world cup."
"Pak Wayan Koster... the U20 World Cup has been cancelled Israel won't come to Indonesia... puakkkkk you are satisfied we are weak..."
u20 israel came israel kicked the result PSSI got kicked by fifa gooolllll
"Still especially for Israel even though they are refused to play in Indonesia don't relax first you can still play in the U20 World Cup while Indonesia is not"
"Because Israel didn't qualify for WC U20 1997 Min! UEFA participants: Bel Eng Fra Hun IRL Spa. Malon also became the barn for Group A goals at that time: Mal1-3mar/mal1-3uru/mal0-3bel. Bali &amp; if Central Java refuses it should have been since June 28 2022 when Israel passed for the first time WC U-20/Uefa European runner-up U19!"
"By rejecting Israel will Palestine be free? Look at the fate of your children U20 players they are native Indonesians whose dreams must be fought for more"
"Sir the U20 World Cup has been cancelled Israel won't come here... Sir you are satisfied we are weak..."
u20 decision about israel where is the truth try to explain.
"Israel was refused to take part in the Asian Games.. it was because it was participatory it could be rejected.. Israel took part in the U20 World Cup because it passed the qualifications. You can't be refused goblog goblog.."
due to groups of anti-israel people and officials...who do not have a nationalist spirit. Palestine alone does not prohibit the Israeli team from playing at U20 in Indonesia. Indonesia grieves over the death of the conscience of smart and pious people.
"FIFA's action to unilaterally cancel U20 is very unfortunate. Formally the government and PSSI have not announced the ban on the Israeli You 20 team. What's wrong with FIFA? Why did they immediately respond to public disturbances by a handful of people without asking for clarification"
"Repairs to venue facilities training that continues to be carried out by the U20 national team players are destroyed only by statements refusing the Israeli team to appear in the Bali and Central Java areas."
reject Israel in favor of Palestine. but the dreams and hopes of the nation's own children (Indonesia) are sacrificed. the struggle of the u20 national team was forced to stop before competing.
"FIFA withdraws Indonesia as host of the U20 World Cup Ganjar Pranowo's Instagram is invaded by netizens Hokky Caraka PSSI October 2022 Palestine Israel PDIP"
I can't stop thinking.... Israel's participation in qualifying for the U20 World Cup was already known in 2022 why is the rejection only now ahead of the You 20 World Cup will take place... see if the refusal structure has been structured... to indent why Indonesia has fallen into the abyss
plotwist the tragedy of the suggestion that it was actually planned was originally just a ploy to reject u20 israel to indonesia in the worldcup
"What do you mean by diverting a bigger issue sacrificing u20? From a friend who was in inafoc he said FIFA people are really fussy about Israel don't talk about recommendations..."
"So what about the U20 World Cup: • Indonesia loses big in terms of tourism sports and international relations. • Palestine loses a little because the international power of one of its supporters is eroded. • Israel is fortunate to be able to play in a friendly place. Is this the constitutional mandate?"
"governors who refuse Israel hope that the Israeli team will cancel coming then the FIFA U20 final will still be in Indonesia. Very stupid"
Yes you can't refuse... the U20 Israel National Team passed because it is qualified except for the Olympics maybe Israel can reject it because the country participates in a participatory manner. yes differentiate .. not a stupid way like that clearly embarrassing everyone.
PDIP no longer looks after the hopes of Indonesia's youth. deceived silence to the Israeli delegation. At the U20 world cup look for a stage and have great success in thwarting Indonesia the U20 host.
"After I heard this I finally supported FIFA to cancel the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. It was right for Indonesia to reject Israel. FIFA is very political double standards are applied to Israel and Russia"
"Until now there has been no rejection of the Israeli contingent like what happened in the 2023 U20 World Cup. Women's basketball and swimming athletes can still compete in the 2023 World Beach Games in Bali on 5-12 August 2023."
"Never mind sir. Your blunders will not restore the hopes of the U20 national team. Throughout your political career you have never discussed Israel. Fear of losing the presidential election moment will end up joining the kadrun which ends up slapping yourself in the face."
"I'm sad :"""" where u20 also continues to be banned now. it's a pity that small athletes who have been practicing like that now are banned. what I read is more about politics. even though it was clear that there was Israel it's okay. this one It's okay. That's how come our football is so thick with politics."
"Sorry for the younger siblings of the U20 national team you are not the only ones who are sick. I am also a small person who is also sick and disappointed in the gentlemen above who refused the arrival of the Israeli national team.."
"Disappointed that the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia politicians seem to be concerned... even though the chaos of football is not only Israel's problem (refusing Israel to play means refusing to hold the World Cup in Indonesia) this is FIFA's ammunition to turn its back on Indonesia..."
"the governor of bali i wayan koster regarding his side's rejection of the presence of the israel national team at the u20 world cup." I."""
"a logical possibility.. and one more thing that is definitely not to be missed why is the rejection so tight?? even though Israel's qualification for the U20 World Cup is far away.."
PSI has voiced its acceptance of the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the sake of U20 even before the press conference Pak President. but the major parties refused
"After the cancellation of the FIFA Word Cup U20 it proved that Indonesia has no influence whatsoever in the eyes of the world Israel is much more influential than Indonesia. This means that Indonesia is not a great country capable of influencing international decisions"
"israel came not to colonize indonesia and because of indonesia but because fifa organized the pildun only soccer players not the army. israel also came not to build relations with indonesia but only to participate in the fifa u20 world cup."
"the Palestinian ambassador told the press that it does not matter if Israel attends the U20 World Cup 2023 as a host because there is a protest against Israel's arrival FIFA announces the cancellation. FIFA's double standard if the U20 2023 is hosted by Israel it remains consistent with the independence of Palestine."
"I agree FIFA is not stupid on Monday there were already a lot of drowing pildum u20 banners Tuesday it was removed after the fuss" "the Israeli National Team refused so just give up our country is not suitable for playing football"
"The reason is that you are not good... what constitution are you defending like that primitive thinking is still below... before the Israeli delegation came you were silent shouting when the U20 world cup was approaching especially when the political year was approaching... you already know the direction where the people are also not easily fooled anyway"
those are ancient and primitive brains that reject Israeli U20s without thinking about the consequences for Indonesian U20s not competing in the U20s - brains that make Indonesia not advanced you idiots impudent fools
what is the u20 world cup party for when hundreds of victims die in vain without getting justice? why party when israel is getting more and more killing people on the west bank? you sane?
"When I saw the Sig.P interview video the journalist asked Sig.P. Are you disappointed with the cancellation of the U20 World Cup host the G.P replied" Yes disappointed...." "What caused the cancellation of the U20 World Cup was because of your statement. rejection of the israel national team u20"
We are disappointed with the statements of the Governor of Bali and the Governor of Central Java who refused to allow the Israeli team to come to Indonesia thus mixing the world of politics with the world of sports. so that Indonesia was crossed out from the u20 host there should be PDIP cadres sitting in governorates coordinating with the government
What's wrong is FIFA Russia which is only as old as the old corn because the issue was immediately removed from the World Cup while Israel which has been fighting Palestine for years is even included in the U20 World Cup.
PSI has already voiced its acceptance of the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the good of U20 even before the presidential press conference.. the other parties refused and many were silent
they just realized that the rejection of the israel national team at the u20 world cup in indonesia has actually turned into a blunder and reduced the electability of the party
"What about Mr Governor it's clear the drawing for the U20 World Cup was canceled because the participants were not complete. It was not complete because Israel refused to come to Bali."
"Oww ordinary people but yesterday how come a bunch of trash called the president so if for example yesterday it could be used for the U20 World Cup Israel could come like that?"
The realm of the FIFA World Cup U20 regarding the issues of Palestine and Israel is very cool isn't it... Try asking the general chairman of PSSI what was discussed during the meeting with the FIFA president. I think the Indonesian media is ridiculous
"Well what I mean is if you can't accept Israel for constitutional reasons don't try it"" applying for the WC U20 host because Israel is also a member of FIFA. If you still insist on applying for a host it won't be Israel/FIFA's fault PSSI & the government's fault who do not understand the risks in the future
Evello recorded 582168 conversations on the Instagram network up to 3/30/23 14:34 WIB railing against Ganjar's role in rejecting the presence of the Israel U20 national team which ended in failing to host the 2023 U20 World Cup.
1. Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup 2. Indonesia's qualification is threatened at the 2026 World Cup 3. Israel continues to participate in the U20 World Cup 4. Indonesia is threatened with being banned by FIFA 5. Palestine will still suffer (temporary score 5: 0 for victory Israel)
"PSI already voiced my gratitude to the Israeli National Team in Indonesia for the good of U20 even before the press conference Mr. President... the other parties refused some were silent didn't dare to speak out"
"August there will be anoc world beach games in Bali. It is reported that there is an Israeli contingent as well. The struggle to gain the trust to host a multi-sports event is not easy. Not to mention the feeling of being a host athlete. Don't let the pd-u20 incident happen again."
"Our hearts are broken !! Gosh Fifa confirms sanctions for Indonesia after the rowdy U20 world cup.
"1 more example: ind-malay min 88 (1-0) for ind min 93 (1-2) for malay .. (if this is at u20) approximately malay-ind supporters within 10 seats will be safe or not ??? haven't discussed Israel yet.... even in 100 years we are not ready to be hosts look inside yourself first"
"It's just pd*p because they have succeeded in expelling Israel and its minions under the guise of the U20 World Cup"
"""we did not reject the u20 in Indonesia in fact we regretted fifa for canceling it we only rejected the israel team according to the constitution"" weak PSSI negotiations how come.. the narrative of poly rats"
"Many of you kept silent to Ganjar when the wadas & Kendal farmers were intimidated the kendeng environment was about to be destroyed the Tambakrejo fishermen were evicted.. But it was the turn of Ganjar's backlash against Israel to contribute to Indonesia's failure to become the host of the U20 World Cup you all immediately became noisy."
"The question is why Israel's rejection was only March 2023 even though Israel passed the U20 World Cup in July 2022 why not protest since last year?"
PSI has voiced long ago to accept the Israel National Team in Indonesia for U20.. the big parties refused.. is that looking for a face??
"Appreciate PSI for daring to speak openly thanking the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the good of U20 long before Pak Jokowi's press conference.. other parties were silent some refused"
"Israel was rejected Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup through"
the u20 pildum which the israel team will participate in is in a dilemma especially in the case of the republic's foreign policy. This condition is also used by radical and extreme groups to attack the government whose target is keos. we don't see it but state intelligence has detected his movements
Since when did Russia become a participant in the World Cup?...when the European zone qualifying playoof line B was crossed out by FIFA due to the invasion of the UKR...so it didn't qualify as a participant in the World Cup...it's different from Israel it clearly qualified as a participant in the U20 World Cup
yesterday in Jakarta there was also a koq shut up... in Bali there was an Israeli delegation shut up... it's Indonesia's turn to join the U20 world cup participating team there was a lot of commotion
the israel u20 team has gone home earlier sir... thank you
Appreciation for PSI for daring to openly accept the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the good of U20... what about other parties? refuse and silently pretend not to know
Hmmm I'm still thinking about it bro many are disappointed with Mr. Ganjar because of Israel's refusal to compete in the U20 Cup to be honest I really like Mr. Ganjar but it seems like it was canceled like Indonesia canceled to host the U20 Cup
Appreciate PSI for daring to vote for the Israel National Team in Indonesia for the sake of U20.. the problem with the results turned out to be canceled being the host so a joint evaluation
"It's clear sir that this issue is diverting after criticism from Bemui via video it continues to disappear and the Israeli issue appears catastrophically at the U20 World Cup logically the Palestinian ambassador has already made it clear "" it doesn't matter bro Israel is playing "". keep on mediating."
"the statement of the Palestinian ambassador to the press does not matter if Indonesia as the host of the u20 world cup 2023 is attended by Israel because there are political parties and opposition to Israel's arrival FIFA announced the cancellation. If politics and sports are separated this is a sign that Israel's lobby is strong."
"Israel is still a member of FIFA and the Israel U-20 National Team is still competing Palestine is also still a member of FIFA even though it doesn't qualify for the U20 Indonesia defends Palestine by refusing Israel to play in Bali Indonesia's destiny is to cancel being the host and PSSI awaits sanctions..."
haj zukri: Israel's rejection of Indonesia in the U20 World Cup has a strong foundation constitutionally and historically
Appreciation for PSI for daring to say thank you to the Israeli national team for the sake of U20.. other parties are silent and some refuse
then why comment ban cute israel in u20. are you the president of fifa
"Our constitution is UUD 45 and Pancasila Sila 2 which opposes Israeli Zionists entering Indonesia... if Israeli Zionists don't annex/colonize Palestine today surely U20 football matches will be held in Indonesia"
Israel remains in its nature to play in the U20 World Cup. Palestine remains in reality from the past until now. We...??
From the start I didn't trust the government's pet buzerrp. which accompanies the opinion that the cancellation of the u20 world cup was because of israel. FIFA's official letter even stated that PSSI's recommendation and improvement cases were not enough after that case. shame on you pssi.
FIFA cancels Indonesia to become the host of the U20 World Cup not because of Israel's rejection of Israel but because of the nomination tragedy. so don't make the issue of Israel's rejection as regret for the Indonesian U20 team that failed to advance or the loss of the renovated stadium of 275m.
yes it's not a court decision that acquits not current circumstances... a court decision regarding last year circumstances. current circumstances the latest developments in the form of rejection of the participation of the israel u20 team...that is very clear from fifa's writing
"You are the ones who voiced your rejection of the Israel U20 National Team. You are smart people but shallow-minded. It's sad.. FIFA U20 World Cup Indonesia"
disappointed because the u20 world cup was canceled in Indonesia but refused to allow the israel national team to play in the u20 world cup. my brain cramps..... duh duh
the demonstrators refused to fear that when they entered Israel there was a more dangerous threat for that fifa was strong enough to cancel on u20
PSI has voted to accept the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the good of U20... the big parties refuse and many are silent
today the conspirators are looking to find out why the u20 world cup in Indonesia was canceled other than because of Israel's spirit although the answer is already known by many
"This handsome gentleman seems to have a lack thereof... yesterday Israel refused to play football at the Indonesian World Cup now he is sad that Indonesia has failed to play at the U20 World Cup. "
Israel's current expression heard that FIFA canceled Indonesia to host the U20 world cup
The world laughed when Indonesia Israel appeared in the U20 World Cup because it qualified... through hard work and skill. Indonesia appeared at the U20 World Cup just because it was the host but a lot of behavior.
don't bring on the tragedy in malang ~ u20 cancel this visit because of the stupid old primitive brains that reject u20 israel ~ those are the brains that made Indonesia go back stupid
"Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup. Due to rejection from a group of people I hope Israel will win the U20 World Cup..."
"After listening to the latest episode of the podcast it turns out that the Minister of Foreign Affairs clearly prohibits the activities of the Israeli delegation in all parts of Indonesia. Does that mean whose fault is this? It seems like the Ministry of Youth and Sports is not fast enough to cooperate with neighboring countries so they can become WC U20 co-hosts."
"Fifa's five main points cancel the hosting of the 2023 U20 World Cup don't offend Israel"
"Prospective leaders must be tested through problems. From consistency and determination we can classify which are great figures which are "mediocre" figures and which are pure Israeli opportunists and the U20 World Cup clearly reveals the true character of the prospective leader"
haha pdip started talking nonsense politicians how come it's stupid to follow the primitive brain of the stone age brain reject u20 israel is stupid e hehe
"In the local context the U20 World Cup and the rejection of the arrival of the Israeli national team will also not go viral if they are not given political weight. Regional heads refuse plus political parties."
those who come are not zionists. but a group of young Israelis who want to compete in under-20 football. If their government should come only then can the Palestinian invasion make sense including the orders. This young man doesn't know anything. just want to play ball.
and vice versa... the world will not end if the israel u20 national team is held here...
"It seems that FIFA is not from the aspect of Indonesia rejecting the Israel U20 National Team. If you look back there are many aspects. Sorry examples such as the incident of the right and the quality of the football field in Indonesia maybe many do not meet FIFA standards"
"tribunnews: profile of governor of bali i wayan koster had rejected the israel national team at the u20 world cup now netizens are attacking"
psi has been firm in advance accepting the israel national team for u20. .. other parties refused
didn't you reject Israel U20 who qualified to compete in Indonesia? you should be happy dong. this is how you can be disappointed? hypocritical.
"oh you who rejected israel u20 next year it will be your turn to be rejected as a presidential candidate :v"
fake sukarnois. laughed at pdip lu ris. reject israel world cup u20 yes just refuse. use it bring it with you.
"Fortunately you're not the president you know there's no end to debate over unimportant things in my opinion the refusal of the U20 Israelites to play football is wrong if you refuse political matters and cooperation between countries then it's right"
How logical is it to ask FIFA to cross Israel??? even though Israel passed the U20 qualification
"Frankly I have a stomachache holding back laughter when I see this PDIP move they are so eager to reject the Israeli team after succeeding but at the risk of moving U20 then they easily say the PSSI lobby is not sophisticated enough"
"Even though in canceling China as the host for the U20 World Cup it didn't mention the Israel National Team as the reason... instead it mentioned the 2022 Kanjuruhan tragedy."
"Rejecting the Israeli team is the same as thwarting the U20 World Cup FIFA cannot remove the Israeli team from the participants. It's the same as the reward sentence not stupid but not smart enough."
"In 2014 in Brazil there were lots of protests and opposition from its citizens but it was still implemented. Whereas in Indonesia U20 was even canceled by FIFA??? even though in Indonesia there were rejections because of Israel not because of anything else."
"Haha bacot.. at U20 it was still held and Israel was still a contestant and the world was still enjoying it. Indonesia was canceled as a host the U20 national team failed to become a contestant. You don't have to comment on football in political language. And you say Indonesia is a victim? Do you want to play victim? ?"
"Try to change the statement don't reject it outright still accept Israel playing in Indonesia but without spectators then one stadium filled with the Palestinian flag what kind of thing is that right?
"Plot twist; Brazil becomes champion of the U20 World Cup Israel in a coup d'état Netanyahu resigns Prof. Mahfud MD in a reshuffling of Sambo and Teddy M dismantles each other Russia wins the war against Ukraine President of Ukraine flees to an independent Palestine Islamic citizens of KTP are terrified"
Can you imagine if Indonesia hosted the Thomas and Uber Cup and Israel was one of the participants who qualified... would it be repeated like the U20 World Cup.....?
luckily what is it...??? with the refusal...israel is still playing...in fact we were the ones who were cancelled...palestine itself is cool and calm...the u20 national team is the victim...
latest football news nova88 indonesia click: israel national team's rejection allegedly caused indonesia to cancel hosting the 2023 u20 world cup. in full
First this is a sports problem which should not be mixed up with politics. Second this is the U20 Israel National Team hey listen to me under 20th!!! What heinous acts are dangerous for children under the age of 20?? at least take your friend's charger before it reaches 100%
If Indonesia is banned Israel will still play in the U20 World Cup and Palestine will also be relaxed and will not be affected by anything Israel coach: finally the world cup has been moved from Indonesia
What scenario do you want but at least the sound of retribution took part in the rejection of the Israeli national team so that became FIFA's consideration for canceling the U20 World Cup...
If I were a politician who refused to allow Israel to play in the U20 World Cup I would be very proud to be able to protect the nation's dignity from Israel's presence. what is football for if it accepts colonialism. yes no guys?
can't wait to see the israel national team in the u20 world cup
"Apart from the handling of the Kanjeruhan tragedy Gajar's rejection of the Israeli national team is the biggest political blunder after wadas the national team tifosi will remember anyone who buried the dreams of young Indonesians to appear in the U20 world cup."
"It's impossible bro Israel is still playing the U20 World Cup Palestine is still playing the Asian Cup Indonesia is the only one who is complicated taking care of other people's countries until the dream of their own country disappears in an instant"
"In 2014 in Brazil there were lots of protests and opposition from its citizens but it was still implemented. Whereas in Indonesia U20 was even canceled by FIFA??? even though in Indonesia there were rejections because of Israel not because of anything else."
"Indonesia failed to become the host because... 1. Rejection here and there against the Israeli U20 team. 2. Ganjar Wayan Koster PDIP participated in making a futsch which damaged why Jokowi and Erick Thorhir and why Indonesia. 3. Dirty politics rotten brutal idiot the intolerant have triumphed."
"This attitude doesn't make sense PDIP's attitude is in line with the Kadrun who rejected the participation of the real Israeli team" last year which was declared to have passed the u20 qualification. And what is certain is that the 2024 PDIP political year will be unsef."
"mencla mencle.. not because of Israel not because of recommendations.. then because the stadium has not been completed? yes it's stupid you already know there is a commitment for wc-u20 why can't it be completed spill the cause let me find out who is hindering it"
Khilafah activists reject the Israeli U20 national team using a constitution that they have banned. pretttt.....
Israel's national team's refusal is suspected of causing Indonesia to cancel hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup
"Just try Russia asking to host the U20 World Cup. Is it accepted or not? Brave or not? Then enter the Israeli Ukrainian and American national teams."
"The reason doesn't make sense. The government from PDIP who ordered 2 governors from PDIP. Previously PKS MUI etc. had rejected the arrival of the Israeli U-20 National Team. It makes sense if the government had known beforehand that Indonesia was cancelled as host..."
"hehe. Israel was established with the permission of Allah Ta'ala but is Allah pleased with this? Well Indonesia as (former) host of the WC-U20 clearly has to guarantee the safety of all the participating countries of the WC-U20 does that mean that Indonesia recognizes sovereignty? Israel?"
"Corruption takes process and time to cause the country to suffer losses. But there is no long process just saying ""I reject the Israeli U20 team"" immediately wuuuus the state loses hundreds of trillions. Top really !!"
"In the parliamentary cooperation meeting in Bali (political) your parties can meet the Israeli team (the flag is waving) it's strange that it's your turn to want the U20 World Cup you reject the Israeli team. Where's the brain where is the brain."
"The U20 World Cup is in front of our eyes but it has been thwarted by the country's rulers. Just fly to Palestine people who reject Israel."
If Israel is rejected at the U20 World Cup because of religious issues it's not quite right because there are several Israeli national team players who are Muslim
"The current situation in Indonesia is related to the U20 world cup yes about Israel's rejection."
"Alleviating the anger of the people who love football in the Republic of Indonesia the Kanjuran tragedy is the reason for canceling the U20 hosting in Indonesia but if you look at the letter from the party official it is clear that the Israeli team's refusal to play was addressed to the coordinating minister if that's the reason Mr. Erik will definitely be able to lobby"
"You are against but your country is still playing in the U20 world cup like Indonesia please leave the participant immediately. Let's boycott Israel in your country Uzbekistan."
"July 2022 was just noisy now.. Lontong..! Israel sealed a ticket to the 2023 U20 World Cup after a surprising appearance at the 2022 U19 European Cup in Slovakia 18 June-1 July 2022. The tournament was attended by 8 European teams who also became qualifiers to the u20 world cup 2023.."
Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup Palestine continues to play in the Asian Cup while Indonesia gets doubts from FIFA right?
"Since hearing the news that Israel is competing in U20 I already know the ending will be like this"
"Wow you idiot don't mix sports with Indonesian politics FIFA appointed FIFA to host RMH 2019 Israel passed the U20 World Cup in July 2022 the question is why did PDIP Koster &amp; Ganjar not make a fuss when Israel was declared to have passed the U20 World Cup? time?"
I hope that Saudi Arabia will be the host so that Israel can play in the U20 World Cup in the Holy Land
where was the one that Israel refused to play at u20 yesterday... there is good material for demonstrations... where are the mui and dedemit... for the fatwa haram about umroh travel that deceived people
"Why don't the current generation understand history why don't they know how barbaric Israel is towards Palestine why aren't they taught a fair and civilized sense of humanity what performance do you want to be proud of hosting the u20 world cup why do you want to be the key to the group "
PSI has voiced its acceptance of the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the sake of U20 even before the press conference Pak President. difference of opinion with the character being promoted.. appreciation of psi for daring to be open and critical with the character being promoted. not parrot
PSI has voiced its acceptance of the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the sake of U20 even before the press conference Pak President. but the big parties refused
"Maybe this is just a domestic political problem friends. There are parties/groups that don't want Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup to be used as a weapon to hit them at the 2024 democracy party. Remember how a candidate for governor was defeated in matters of religion they are afraid of being hit twice ."
"Profile of the governor of Bali I Wayan Koster once rejected the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup now netizens are attacking"
"The governor of Bali Wayan Koster delivered a letter to the Minister of Youth and Sports of the Republic of Indonesia dated March 14 2023 which essentially requests the minister to adopt a policy prohibiting the Israeli team from competing in Bali."
"The reason is a little unreasonable FIFA already knows that Indonesia is the home of U20 Yuan if that is the reason for the failure why are you just now giving reasons for an adjudication case? I think FIFA really treats Israel a little differently."
Differing opinions are normal in politics... Psi has voiced his acceptance of the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the sake of U20 even before the press conference Pak President. but the major parties refused
"helehhh defend bele nutmeg you are calm. What you defend is cool and calm. You pretend to be a champion of neon defend bele. Seeing that the dreams of U20 players are shattered which after all are your countrymen. Already a champion of neon to Palestine don't forget to bring a pot fill firecrackers against israel."
How about you bro against Israel or would it be fine if the WD Cup U20 remained in Indo?
"Regarding the u20 world cup incident Kadrun was split into 2. Kel 1 rejected Israel Kel 2 supported Israel when Gangar refused Class 2 was busy attacking Ganjar. Some even said they would turn around not supporting Ganjar. When the World Cup was canceled in India it was Kel's turn 1st to attack reward"
"Even though they haven't competed at all the Israeli U20 national team managed to get rid of host Indonesia with a landslide bravo..bravo"
"make u20 inter rt there is no rt israel"
"Sorry for the Israeli U20 team I'm Indonesian sorry for this mess."
"unpopular opinion: at the governor's level refuses Israel to play in the u20 world cup has nothing to do with PSSI has nothing to do with the world of sports but the world cup was cancelled even though at the president's level they have given guarantees. In fact FIFA is the only one who has no intention of holding a celebration at Indonesia."
"That's right. In diplomatic ethics it's impossible for FIFA to openly say that the cancellation of the U20 World Cup was due to ""rejection against Israel"" in the press release... that's why it's softened by using the words ""due to current circumstances""... That's why I said it was an open secret."
and besides those who refuse Russia not to participate in the 2022 world cup have many countries under the auspices of uefa bro that's why fifa responded and banned Russia. That is the case in the U20 World Cup no one supports the rejection of the Israeli national team only a few people who are not under the auspices of FIFA.
"Responding to the issue of canceling the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Don't get too busy the point is that FIFA is a mafia. It's not an Israeli or an Judgment problem the problem is that our country still lacks mafia kwkwkkwkw..... continue drinking coffee."
"FIFA has decided to remove Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup after the Indonesian government refused to accept Israel due to the diplomatic crisis between the nations. The tournament is scheduled for May 20-June 11 2023. FIFA will announce the host country soon."
"From the start I supported the U20 world cup even though Israel played here but then there were a lot of rejections. I understand in the future hopefully there will be a solution for the country how to react to problems like that. When it comes to support for rewards it's still 100% it's still the same as before..."
"On the one hand we are proud.. Indonesia dared to reject Israel the colonialist. With this courage FIFA will not punish Indonesia. The U20 World Cup was sacrificed for solidarity this is extraordinary. Even the mayor is annoyed but what is FIFA's power to do? it's fucked up. hooray"
"We can look in the mirror with the Russian national team why wasn't the Israeli national team doing it for how many years it has been selling Palestine today we are rejecting the arrival of the Israeli U-20 national team being lazy like that. Ir. Sukatno just pulled the national team into the world cup at that time."
"GP stated that he likes watching porn we understand. GP renovated the houses of PDIP cadres using BAZNAS funds we understand. But he refused the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team we cannot understand it because it resulted in the failure of Indonesia as host. He will have to pay in the 2024 presidential election later"
BP's wish has been fulfilled to cancel the U20..we will make a football championship between RT/RW ok..no need to be world class as long as there is Israel..is that right..
"For U20 take RTs sir there are no Israeli RTs here just like that how come it's a refot"
rejected israel u20
"What does FIFA have to do with the verdict of the defendant what is clear is that FIFA sees that our country is not yet safe to organize FIFA U20 plus there is a refusal to Israel. Instead of taking risks with the possibility of anarchism happening to one of the participants it's better to be replaced altogether"
I am not afraid. I am against Israel's participation in the U20 world cup
"Why are you silent and don't comment on the Israeli U20 team? 1. Will lose football supporters as opposed to those who dare to take risks. Anis has measured and knows for sure how many fans and fanatical spectators the Indonesian national team is"
one question ma'am. is the israel u20 football team that came a zionist supporter?
"It's not strange at first FIFA wasn't too worried about the wave of Israeli rejection... but when the governor of Bali told the media... ""the trauma of the Legian Bali bombing"" didn't take long FIFA made a decision right away. The potential is there... even though the government guarantees safety of all wc u20 participants
"It's good you! The U20 world cup was canceled because there was an Israeli national team the world beach games had to be cancelled! If WBG stays in Bali and there are Israeli athletes it means that there is clearly an evil conspiracy to exaggerate the president through rejection of the U20!"
"Pak Ganjar Pranowo Israel's U20 National Team only children who want to play football don't want to play politics let alone colonize"
We as the people are very disappointed with the attitude that refused the Israel U20 team to come to Indonesia. why is part of the government itself but instead refuses?
I'm really happy to make comments going around like Anis failing to host the U20 Cup because the religion of Israel and Islam has really been canceled because the reason is different from a job.... you're sane bro
PSI has voiced its acceptance of the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the sake of U20 even before the press conference Pak President
is there an Israeli contingent too is it rejected too? for the sake of justice it should be rejected if it's canceled then it's okay like the U20 world cup failed too that's okay
"This has no effect still sir GP is safe to run for president the problem with the U20 world cup and the Israeli team is the right reason because actually FIFA already understands the hosts have not been able to prepare"
plot twist: and it turns out that Israel withdrew from the u20 world cup
"fifa cancels Indonesia Koster insists on rejecting the Israeli team to compete in the U20 World Cup in Bali through"
"Daaahh laahhh yes I understand more and more this is not just rejecting the Israeli team on the contrary FIFA still maintains feelings knowing that it is not ready to hold the U20 World Cup....."
"If from the start it was because of the tragedy of the recommendation normally it has been replaced since the tragedy this is because of the rejection of the Israel U20 team FIFA feels that the safety of the participants is increasingly not guaranteed."
PSI has voiced its acceptance of the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the sake of U20 even before the press conference Pak President. but the major parties refused
PSI has voiced its acceptance of the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the sake of U20.. but the big parties still refuse.. the other parties don't have an attitude
There's no need to be sorry you're stupid why are you joining in with old-fashioned and primitive idiotic brains to reject Israel's U20s which makes Indonesia not advanced? When you say you want to be president but you don't think back and forth do you think it's good to be president? you're just being silly gp
"The one who was refused Israel's presence was not the u20. While Anies is silent why?"
"This massive protest is uniquely led by football supporters from that country when Indonesia is busy talking about Israel the country is actually busy protesting massively about this"
even though U20 countries like Fiji and Guatemala can qualify especially Israel which is used to being in Europe... the point is the age group always has a lot of surprises.
"Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup please send evil troops religious defenders and all troops to Palestine to fight Israel"
if fifa appoints qatar to replace indonesia to host the high-level joke world cup u20
"What doesn't make sense Israel will definitely take part in the U20 World Cup from June 2022. If you want to refuse beforehand don't get close the U20 National Team can do better in the U20 Asian Cup to be able to pursue opportunities through normal channels"
PSI has voiced its acceptance of the Israeli national team in Indonesia for the sake of U20... but the big parties still refuse
not only drunk on religion but brains that reject u20israel are old-fashioned and primitive stupid idiots that make Indonesia not progressing just thinking about lust just big mouths stink again as a result the dream is getting farther away dream of being fifacup host poor e
3 players for the Israeli U20 Muslim national team
if his refusal succeeds and the israel u20 national team fails to take part in pildun. didn't he already take away the rights of the israel youth national team? Reflecting on the late Bung Karno's rejection actually his actions harmed us too. better not repeat the same mistake
"Jokowi guarantees Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup has nothing to do with the consistency and position of our foreign policy towards Palestine. 349 t debm Satisfied Ganjar Qatar more funny Johan Budi"
"Maybe the Koster will be rewarded for thinking that Israel won't qualify for the U20 World Cup at the start that's it"
"Not the end of the world.. but destroying opportunities that may not come again in the near future those who have tried to prepare for this event must also be disappointed that Israel is still participating in the U20 World Cup and Palestine is also safe.."
"Bargaining Indonesia is too weak as a U20 host. Starting from PSSI officials who are less credible the government is unable to guarantee security and convenience for the implementation of matches the responsibility for proposing cases has not been completed the inability to manage Israel's u20 issues etc."
"For the Indonesian U20 national team and supporters remember the cadres who have destroyed your dreams so far that Indonesia is subject to sanctions and the U20 national team can only watch the Israel and Palestine national teams compete. The cadres only think about Palestine not you."
FIFA giving punishment is considered an appreciation by Prof. Did Israel lose in canceling Indonesia to host the U20 Prof World Cup?
there is no need to be associated with terror that is nonsense it is densus 88 and the Indonesian intelligence is as stupid as the old and primitive brains rejecting Israel's U20 is what made Indonesia not progress
"Taking care of the gembhel khilafuck and kkb garbage is not finished why are you taking care of Palestine and Israel because of the u20 world cup pity my country"
The world football federation (FIFA) has removed Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup after the Indonesian government refused to host the Israeli national team due to the diplomatic crisis between the two countries. FIFA has said it will announce the new host of...
piye these 2 people plus the party ?? Are you afraid that Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup will be used as a weapon to beat up the party? then sacrifice the dreams of young Indonesian players??
In fact the government already knows that Indonesia will be crossed out from hosting the U20 World Cup due to a proposing case. to cover it up the 2 regional heads were ordered to reject Israel on this and that pretext. so what? the government does not look guilty.
"1> FIFA defended Israel so Indonesia was sacrificed. 2> FIFA defended FIFA's agenda for the sake of FIFA's reputation then (because 2 governors refused Israel) Indonesia was canceled as host of WC U20 2023. 3> Megawati needed the GBK Stadium June 1 2023 then "" wc u20 2023"" sacrificed by mw. &gt;mw bela wants &gt;fifa defend fifa"
"Keep silent about the Israel U20 soccer team that will compete in this country. Silence and not comment on the planned arrival of the Israel U20 soccer team. Never mind we know what he said. Adult"
the cancellation of the u20 event in Indonesia was due to: the current situation. the fact that there is discrimination against the Israeli team code cannot be accepted by FIFA.
fifa is looking for an excuse...because Israel doesn't want to sell why Israel...because later on FIFA will have a double standard of treatment for Israel and Russia... if it was because of a request at the time of the tragedy FIA would immediately make the decision to cancel at u20... instead they told the Fida team to come stadium survey...
pdip don't talk nonsense we are so sick Indonesia hosting the u20 is canceled so don't ask the lobby to take care of your cadres who said they want to be a presidential candidate why are you joining in the old-fashioned brains &amp; primitip reject u20 israel - that's brainwashing for Indonesia not getting ahead how do you want to be president haha ​​stupid e
"Not only because of Israel's rejection this is another reason for canceling the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
"fifa: if I have to be honest... not about Israel or the recommendations... but PSSI aka Indonesia really doesn't deserve to be the organizer of the U20 world cup... infrastructure fields team security and so on are not competent enough. Luckily there is Israel and recommendations who can be scapegoated right?"
That's right if Indonesia hosts the U20 World Cup in May it continues to be rewarded like rejecting it if Israel continues to play here finally Indonesia gets blacklisted doesn't host but Israel still plays
it seems that fifa is afraid of the safety of israel's participation or is also afraid if it succeeds in hosting a good u20 for israel
"This time I agree with Pak Koster and Pak Ganjar (PDIP): Israel's refusal to play football in Indonesia is very appropriate. Brother" "U20 just be patient okay? Make this one of your struggles against colonialism & barbarism as was shown before." grandpa""we against the dutch"
In the aftermath of the rejection of the Israeli team's presence Indonesia was canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup. see here:
"Security is a small problem all that remains is to get the officers from the National Police and the TNI sorted out our G20 is successful. It is clear that this elimination is purely due to the rejection of the Israeli national team which passed the U20 World Cup legally and correctly by a handful of people and individuals who have no conscience"
"The soul of football is thrashing around the Palestinian ambassador and the Palestinian football federation do not have a problem with the presence of the Israel National Team at U20. So why is it that you who are against the presence of the Israel National Team definitely don't choose this leader if you run as a presidential candidate"
that's why the stupid party rejecting u20 israel is primitive brains &amp; old fashioned for Indonesia not to progress haha ​​how come some people want to be president but their brains and vision are dark haha ​​it's impossible gp
"This is the same case as comments in other media some people say Israel can play in the U20 World Cup because someone is involved in engineering god-level idiots people who don't read the lowest IQ in Asia."
"Palestine coaches Israelis Israeli u20 strikers and Muslim captains. The Palestinian ambassador has no objection to the Israeli national team participating in the World Cup in Indonesia. Meanwhile in Indonesia because of religion and sovereignty the Israeli national team cannot come to play in Indonesia."
The official Indonesian U20 World Cup has been canceled this is the response of Ms. Najwa Shihab regarding Israel Palestine | reward | more funny | Johan Budi | 349 t | satisfied | fifa | mahfud | golput | dream
Your presidential candidate also firmly refuses Israel to play the U20 World Cup in Indonesia!
those who reject the u20 of israel are the ancient primitive brains that make indonesia not progress you idiots how do you want to be president haha ​​mampos
On the human side that's why the Israeli team refused to compete in the U20 World Cup but how come the humanitarian problems of the country itself are not taken care of huh?
"In fact if Indonesia fails to become the host of WC U20 because it doesn't want to accept Israel it will instead attract international sympathy for Indonesia. Indonesia.."
you all have caused serious trouble for this country. Israel's presence at the U20 world cup is an honor for his country. what if isreal launches another intercontinental missile attack on your insult to it...? can anyone answer this no..?
"the Palestinian ambassador and the Palestinian football federation have no problem with the presence of the Israeli national team at the u20 world cup they are committed not to mix politics and football. Why is ono so obnoxious"
addressing the u20 world cup in indo. Many opinions are driven by political attitudes that demonstrate Israel's problems. even though it was not there that FIFA addressed it. see ath infrastructure lap. for the world cup venue geus is ready right? fifa oge beunta jooon
the israel u20 national team managed to get rid of host endonesa just by sitting around listening to the song at the last moment by st12
"Sir village chief isn't what Fifa asked about the ""prompt"" tragedy? Could it be that the village head already knows that Indonesia was "crossed out"" by the host u20 spy didn't lose face his tone there was an attempt to divert the issue come up about the team israel plays here
"Imagine if the Pildun-U20 was held in Indonesia and Israel played. The Israeli national team at the airport-hotel-stadium was full of terror full of enthusiasm full of mass organizations full of fierce partnerships. Iso press ono bomb rounds of goods. OK the raiso is controlled anticipate probleme terror e jan real terror"
"After your success in rejecting the Israeli and Indonesian teams being kicked out as hosts what are you going to do with the fading hopes of the 23 Indonesian children who don't play in the U20 World Cup?? If you are silent it means you are parasites in this country"
"Having refused Israel to come Ganjar Pranowo is disappointed that Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup"
come on uncle.. the u20 is a package including Israel.. do you really not know that..? then now they say they are disappointed.. those who are disappointed are some people who miss their country making history to be the organizer of the world cup.. not a reward..
electability immediately dropped sir... the feeling of other sports israeli athletes playing yo diem ae.. The u20 world cup is being refused which is soon anyway... they just want to play football not want to go to war in Indonesia sir.. they don't bring a weapon to play ball in indo..
"Fifa should have been protesting. The Qatar FIFA World Cup refused Russia to participate because of the invasion of Ukraine Israel has been invading Palestine for tens of years but FIFA still allows Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup. FIFA's attitude is strange if you want to think about it."
"sure israel u20 players bring ak47 block"
Ouch Mr. De is looking for attention. Yes once he refused the Israeli team regretted that U20 canceled what he wanted Mr. De. I'm confused that no party has nominated Pakde as a presidential candidate
"Even though there is official information and it is still being held and there is rejection from the residents of Jonoha how about it?? Is it still going according to plan? The white Zetzu masses have already demonstrated first on the field what happened when the Israeli U20 marriage came??"
case: refusal of the israel national team to play the u20 world cup in indonesia perpetrator: politicians and friends pssi's mainstay move: lobby goal: so that the u20 world cup host status is not canceled result: u20 world cup host status is cancelled! moral story: lobbying doesn't solve problems
"Thank you Mr. Eric for your efforts and lobbying. Without Mr. Eric's lobby FIFA will write on their official website the cancellation of U20 due to the regional head's rejection of Israel. However in the end FIFA wrote because of the current situation"
"U20 Israel will continue to take part in the World Cup as well as U20 Palestine. Those who do not participate are U20 Indonesia. Not long ago there have been many deaths in Indonesian football (130 more) and now Israel has been rejected for non-sporting reasons. How about FIFA's perception huh?"
the u20 national team will provide tickets to the gaza route for those who failed because they refused the israel national team hihihihihihihihi....
"Ganjar who signed the host agreement. Ganjar who refused Israel to play in the U20 World Cup Ganjar who was disappointed that Indonesia was crossed out.. I originally had 3 is that Mr. Tugiman??"
"The importance of seeking full information explained FIFA emphasized that the reason for canceling U20 was not because of Israel's rejection"
"Still going to the big outline the point is that there was the first rejection from the people of Konoha if FIFA has indeed given an official statement but what about the rest? Isn't that the case if it's still being held and there are masses to reject representatives of U20 Israel it's the same"
israel's u20 boy who wants to have a soccer match vs wakondo's u20 boy who likes skin which one is scarier?
"Want to tell me whatever the facts the stupid policy of Koster Rewards and PDIP joined the PKS coalition against the Israeli U-20 National Team."
in Indonesia no one supports bro.. there are 24 countries participating in the u20 world cup..and israel is just one of the participants..
"Reflecting from the case of the U20 football world cup the governor of Bali must be consistent... reject the presence of the Israeli contingent at the next sporting event whether you want to be popular or not."
"The problem of 349 trillion then Israel's pros and cons at the U20 World Cup seems to have "versus" in the regime..... let's not separate it. Mahfud MD vs Sri Mulyani in the 349 case."
I don't know how the Israelis passed the U20 World Cup starting in 2022
how come it's a disaster on purpose... yes it's called a disaster it's undeniable this has been calculated before the day of the U20 World Cup it was planned to be chaotic with the Israeli shield.....
"fifa canceled the u20 loan not because Israel is still due to the tragedy of the law. Erick Tohir is only playing with the Israeli issue to cover up the real cause"
Oops because of your faction as the main objector to things related to Israel. now the u20 world cup is canceled in indonesia.
the problem is football belongs to fifa sir. And it's clear in the FIFA rules that football affairs cannot be mixed up with political affairs. the israel u20 national team qualify according to fifa rules.
"then Indonesia still rejects Israel and that's it until Jan Ethes becomes president there won't be a U20 World Cup"
"U-20 World Cup Canceled in RI PPP: FIFA doesn't mention Israel but recommends it"
the arrival of the israel team to indonesia in the u20 world cup was rejected by the governor of bali rejected by the governor of Central Java who was blamed still anies baswedan not being stupid how cebong buzzer
"Even though Pak Jokowi guaranteed that the U20 World Cup would be carried out safely. The PDIP strategy of rejecting the arrival of the Israeli team by ordering Gangar to speak in the media reads if the PDIP will overthrow the Governor of Central Java at this point. The results can be checked in the comments column on his social media."
"Thank you Mr. Governor I don't think Palestine I don't think about sovereignty or the law that prevented Israel from appearing in the U20 World Cup. But do you think people make a living in football for their children?"
what?? sad &amp; disappointed ? isn't that wrong sir? Didn't you as a cadre get the task of issuing a statement against the Israeli team at U20? keep on mourning sad &amp; disappointed? I can't imagine how devastated the feelings of the younger generation about soccer are today
"Even though they haven't competed at all the Israeli U20 national team managed to get rid of the host. warra gameplay"
"This is just my imagination even though it's cool after all every time there is a match between any country vs Israel at WC U20 those of you who support Palestine will give a full stadium with the Palestinian flag unfurled."
"When Russia was crossed out the position had not passed it was different from Israel's U20 which had already passed. The point is if you are ready to be the host you have to follow the rules of the game"
"The U20 world cup without Israel po yo iso? this year's edition without Israel yo is the same as rejecting the world cup in Indonesia."
We'll win Israel to be the FIFA U20 champion
hit by batman's trap his prestige drops because of his comments about israel u20 get ready...
This is the first time Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup
mahfud md about the polemic of the israel national team at the u20 world cup -
"The two cases are both crazy but the difference is in the tragedy of the advocacy of the officials who are at fault so many are defending it too many Israeli cases pretend to be true especially the statements of the governors are short-sighted FIFA is afraid that the kanjuruhan incident will repeat itself in every Israel U20 match in Indonesia other people just think about it"
the israel national team can still play in the u20 pildun the palestine national team can still play on the international stage and the supporters are still waiting in the same stadium while the indonesian national team and their supporters are crying in the corner this is my last tweet about the u20 world cup .. disappointed
ohh so the factor that caused Indonesia to cancel hosting the U20 World Cup was not only because it refused to accept the Israeli national team
I hope Israel wins the u20 world cup. let's pray together.
waiting for thanksgiving thank God for the cancellation of the israel u20 football national team match in indonesia
"If Qatar hosts the FIFA U20 Cup Israel will play in Qatar...!!! Even though Qatar is the headquarters of the anti-Israeli Hamas leadership. What do you think about the Muslims???"
oh... please understand them... it's just forbidding Israel to play in Indonesia not forbidding FIFA from holding the U20 World Cup event in Indonesia. blame fifa please... why don't defend israel follow the rules of the host. is the host paying for it? colonialist fifa
"Unhappy at this time in the Indonesian U20 national team sir... there are athletes from other branches who can compete in Indonesia Israeli experts are also used to handle the equipment that Indonesia bought too. Where is the justice and proper wisdom? ??
"Maybe if they state the reason because Indonesia doesn't want Israel (pildun u20) there will definitely be a lot of gossip in this world including in Indonesia itself. So maybe FIFA just wants conditions to remain conducive."
The "current situation" referred to by FIFA is unclear and seems to cover up what it means. However one of the current situations could be the matter of the hectic rejection by various groups of the planned arrival of the U20 Israel National Team to Indonesia.
"Not only do they have to bury their dream of competing at the U20 world cup level but the worse consequences of sanctions from FIFA the league cannot run players coaches and anything that has to do with football will definitely suffer greatly the Israeli national team will still be a participant in the world cup u20"
"Oh my god I'm afraid tomorrow's Friday sermon will be about Israel and the cancellation of the u20 world cup."
even though this is the time for the Indonesian U20 national team to face the Israeli national team it must be exciting it's a shame it failed
gentle aj admit that the decision to discriminate against the israel national team to participate in the u20 world cup was a mistake. there is no need to follow other cadres who can only talk about party decisions without updated arguments where your goals are to make the Indonesian nation great if you are wrong you can't make a difference.
they are not morons but denial. The hatred with Israel is already that much so they want FIFA to agree with their actions and U20 is canceled because of recommendations.
"Which do you think the impact is worse the U20 World Cup is canceled or is it still happening but there are riots at the Israel match?"
"Regarding u20 the PDIP is really great! no respect at all even though there is no official statement only a statement released per cadre but I understand the issue of the PDIP being guilty of handwashing the opportunity to fall on the PDIP by a group of anti-Israel religious extremists using threats do violence. It's trite"
"Sorry I will never support silliness. The plan for the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team to play in Indonesia is a simple matter. But Ganjar's refusal is of course very ridiculous not just a difference of opinion."
their toys are disgusting. The 2 governors are all from PDI. 2 very famous characters. so that it seems as if it failed to become the organizer of the u20 world cup because of israel. even though because the settlement of the proposed case was far from justice.
"Yes... FIFA isn't fair forbidding Russia to take part in the World Cup because it attacked Ukraine Israel has attacked Palestine for years it's okay to take part in the U20 World Cup"
"Qatar is the headquarters of the leadership of the anti-Israel Hamas. If Qatar hosts the U20 FIFA then it's up front Pdip-ganjar-koster-PKS-PA212. Whoever hosts the FIFA U20 Israel will not be replaced in the championship."
"The main reason FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup was due to security issues not because of the Israeli national team's rejection"
even though I was waiting for the Israel vs Indonesia U20 national team fight that would be exciting but oh well
"All of this is not because of the Israeli national team but because of the tragedy FIFA canceled Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup which is very unfortunate and sad too of course"
"What excuse do you make? PDIP including dedengkot cadres say they don't reject the U20 World Cup but it needs to be understood that Israel is also a FIFA member and Efen participants must sort it out"
"""so that the u20 world cup will continue to be successful but not present israel"" who are you instead of managing fifa better shut up"
"Subtly because of the recommendation but the point is because several parties refused because Israel still remembers that FIFA chose several stadiums to be used for the U20 event but after yesterday's event it has been cancelled"
This should be the chance for the Indonesian U20 national team to beat Israel on the green lap or what if this world's prestigious event would have been fun but it was cancelled
"Those who desperately refused to allow Israel to play in the U20 World Cup so that it was cancelled please do your utmost for Palestine in Gaza if it's about humanity."
In fact the government already knows that Indonesia will be crossed out from hosting the U20 World Cup due to a proposing case. to cover it up the 2 regional heads were ordered to reject Israel under this pretext. the government looks innocent.
"The reason why FIFA crossed out Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup was because of Israel's rejection?"
"The question now is why has the nation's gasrak-gusruk just appeared h-1 month? The Israeli U20 national team has qualified since 2022 and that has been almost a year ago but there has been no political statement in the form of rejection. Calm down without a sound."
"Those who say the U20 was canceled because of refusing Israel's arrival surely you have to carry back your backpack every morning to go to school to learn to read again so you can read what is written on the FIFA website"
"Yeah what else can I do Israel took part in the U20 World Cup through qualification. First you have to compete against several teams and you deserve to take part now Indonesia is hosting the World Cup through a lottery. Yes it's no wonder that Indonesia was canceled just accept it"
the best way is to cross out israel as a participant in the u20 world cup. The presence of this Zionist team is not expected in Indonesia.
i love the israel u20 football national team
"Maybe you want to accommodate the U20 World Cup there is no Israel there"
"Palestine is playing an international match Israel is participating in the U20 2023 match. Indonesia is still leaving the Ramadan fasting match for those who are fasting."
"In my opinion it's okay to make the wrong decision the U20 World Cup Pakdhe really coveted why... boosting tourism a springboard for the 2035 Olympics and many more..... if we reject Israel as well as we refuse Europeans to come to Indonesia."
"I want to continue to host the U20 World Cup but Israel is not allowed to compete in other countries is that so? Indonesia is like an event organizer chosen by the bride and groom's family for weddings. Perkoro sopo who is invited is up to the owner of the event the bride and groom. "
In fact the government already knows that Indonesia will be crossed out from hosting the U20 World Cup due to a case in demand. to cover it up the 2 regional heads were ordered to reject Israel under this pretext. the government looks innocent.
"reward koster pdip pks rejects israel the hosting of the u20 world cup is cancelled. israel &amp; palestine keep playing indonesia loses. next time use your brain don't just make it for display."
"Finally the Palestinians who are being defended are still colonized by Israel Israel is still taking part in the Palestine U20 World Cup and Israel is still happy in football Indonesia failed to take part in the world cup and is even at risk of being banned."
Do you understand what the current situation means? what situation is happening right now in the seconds of the draw at u20?? rejection of the israel national team right?? how long have you been a buzzer??
Wagu sir according to your statement that rejects Israel U20 to play in Indonesia. refused to be accepted disappointed how are you?
"That's football Israel is participating because they passed the U20 World Cup qualifiers not because political lobbies continue to participate. I'm back again talking about conspiracy."
"This country is hilarious. Its people like to make a fuss over unimportant things. Like during the last presidential election Jokowi &amp; Prabowo's supporters were making a fuss here and there. Even though they were both sans. Then U20 the people were excited about rejecting Israel even though Israel & Palestine were sans. Wqwqwq excited alone self-destruct"
meanwhile the israel national team is continuing to train for the u20 cup........
"All regional tribal chiefs regents governors and ministers what right do you have in FIFA to ban Israel from coming to compete in Indonesia FIFA U20 in Indonesia"
"Indonesia has been canceled as the host for the 2023 U20 World Cup. Those who rejected Israel yesterday after this what are your steps in supporting Palestinian independence? Don't usually just loudly refuse but after that go to sleep without any solution."
Is it the Israeli army who came to play football sir? Don't you know the positive impact maybe through the U20 performance Indonesia can be a pioneer of a message of peace for Israel and Palestine
"It's getting crushed by netizens because the U20 World Cup is canceled rewarding Pranowo doesn't matter as long as you don't attack your children and wife"
"What's the event sir? While participating in the FIFA competition during that time you have to comply with FIFA's provisions. If you want to protest just leave FIFA as well. Imagine in this U20 championship if IDN meets Israel do we want Wo too? Oops that's if Indonesia is not crossed out"
The one to blame here is FIFA that included Israel in the U20 World Cup.
that's what often disrupts the demonstration the flag is the same... it's the same as the anti-Israel demonstration on the U20... that's the flag again
"Here's an example. You still want the U20 World Cup in Indore? It's only the Indonesians who are being thrown at it let alone the Israelis who are clearly rejected. It's not worthy!"
Pak Ganjar isn't the time to take care of the national affairs yet. can't get to that level yet. Central Java still has a lot of ulcers. let alone join in the comments about the U20 world cup rejecting Israel. hadehhh..
Palestine can still play football Israel continues to appear in the U20 World Cup so Indonesia has been revoked as a host just waiting for sanctions. For this reason all Indonesian people should oppose politicians who refuse including those who are demonstrating
"I agree that the U20 World Cup will be revoked from Indonesia for the safety of the Israeli players themselves."
"Be proud of you who have thwarted the world cup even though you are in the U20 class you will go down in history having participated in thwarting Indonesia as the host I am still very clear who refuses the world cup on Israeli grounds pekaes represented by hnw as  etc pdip reward kostr"
"why am I personally happy that FIFA is canceling U20 here whether it's Israel bans or an adjudication like this country it's only right to get a sanction not consciously aware"
forget about the u20 world cup.....israel smiled seeing this the u20 garuda national team was not tackled by israel but was tackled by the hypocrites
The U20 World Cup which was held in 2023 in Indonesia was officially canceled for refusing the Israel U20 National Team plus the Indonesian U20 National Team which was also removed from participating in the 2023 U20 World Cup plus FIFA sanctions (just wait for the sanctions from FIFA).
"Big mistake bro there is no Israeli word in the clause for canceling the U20 World Cup in Indonesia calm down bro"
"In my personal opinion it's best to put aside our cynicism with the Israel U20 national team first because Indonesia's opportunity to host the U20 World Cup doesn't come twice because as the president said yesterday don't mix football &amp;.."
"Sorry Mr. Ganjar before that I respected you but after your statement on the rejection of the Israel National Team you must already know the info on FIFA removing Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup. for failing to take pildun…”
I'm tired of the buzzerp of country sellers leading the U20 World Cup to be canceled because of the issue of religious sellers rejecting Israel even though there isn't one that's FIFA's statement saying so. `In fact FIFA reasoned because the proposed case was considered to have been mishandled so that it became a consideration
"It's up to you to give an alibi what is clear is that FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup because of the uproar over Israel's rejection of participation. The draw will be held soon. If for other reasons why wasn't it rejected or cancelled yesterday?"
"Yes if you don't think it's because of Israel's rejection what is certain is that I won't vote for parties that reject U20 in 2024"
"I like it when you are sotoy.. Israel is also proud to come to a country that rejects him. But Israel is also secretly maneuvering against FIFA to cancel the U20 World Cup in Jakarta. Israel has influence everywhere especially FIFA..deuhh"
"That's right I think the radicals will target Israel more at the U20 World Cup than at the G20 meeting. The G20 meeting is more closely guarded. There are thousands of soldiers police and elite troops from Indonesia and participating countries who are safe."
"The time of the PSSI gave a response that the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was not due to a tragedy then?"
"It's a pity Mr. Uban you have to go back and forth. The intention is to reject the Israeli u20 team in order to get sympathy even zonk in Lepeh Kadrun in Rujak Cebong"
"The issue of U20 is interesting. My friends who I assume are conservatives and might even agree with Ganjar even support the implementation of U20 even with Israel."
"I see something that is even sadder than football regarding the cancellation of the U20 World Cup Indonesia is not considered in the eyes of the world. Even a FIFA classmate dares to cancel Indonesia to host the Junior World Cup because of the fuss over Israel. So don't think that Indonesia has power in the eyes the world"
"I wanted to vote for him in the 2024 election if he was nominated. But with a blunder at such a big event (fifa wc u20) I think I prefer abstaining. It's true as people say. Children aged 17181920 what can Israel do? Apart from playing football."
Who's fault is it Mr. Ganjar himself joined in rejecting the arrival of the U20 World Cup participating teams one of which was the Israeli national team..which incidentally took part in a football match
it is very difficult to hold a grand event like the u20 world cup in a country full of hypocrisy instead of wanting to defend Palestine.
"Even though the Kadrun group and some opposition parties who from the start were loudly rejecting Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup created a commotion that finally provoked the others. And the impact was canceled by FIFA."
"Then what is the conclusion why did u20 fail to be implemented in Indonesia? Is it because of the rejection of Israel or the Kanjuruhan tragedy or the statement ""Bali bomb trauma"???"
"The events of the rejection of the U20 Israel scr still (there is a scenario) for elections presidential elections & regional elections (gaining public sympathy) on the one hand there is a bounce (public skepticism) who insist on carrying out the U20 word cup in Indonesia each playing a scenario for practical political purposes .. ponders oh!!"
Pipa said: Israel is also not interested in joining U20 in Indonesia. for fear of tear gas.
no need to accuse Israel of being the culprit.. our nation was not ready for the u20 world cup.. if we were ready it would not have happened...
Indonesia U20 World Cup Final 1 - 0 Israel single goal from reward after receiving assist from I Wayan Koster.... . .congratulations Indonesia champion.... champion regimem....
if you reject the israel national team... they don't want to... because they want to play football and go global... why don't you just refuse to play football at world class... don't take part in the u20 world cup.. so don't meet with israel and not included as host..
Thank you the Israeli team and all the U20 World Cup participating teams did not enter Indonesia
"It's not just PDIP those who refuse Israel to take part in the U20 world cup. Koster and rewards"
pks doesn't think that the nation and state will be harmed by the cancellation of the Indonesian wc-u20. 1. Indonesian football is backwards. 2. U20 national team players are disadvantaged. 3. loss of economic activity in wc-u20 activities. 4. funds that have been released. Palestine itself does not mind if the Israeli National Team comes
oh... aren't you the one who vehemently opposed Israel playing in the u20 league.....and the match in Indonesia.
Israel one of the teams that qualified and has the right to appear in the U20 cannot be replaced just like that
no need to fuss and blame each other.. the independence of Palestine is the price of death for this country.
"This is what is called an insolent politician whose mouth smells of carrion his party and governor who rejected the Israeli team scapegoated the PSSI. How does the brain of a politician like that? Get ready the party that failed at U20 will definitely fall."
the captain of the israel u20 team is even a muslim
Why don't the presidential candidates besides Ganjar speak out about the U20 World Cup and the Israel National Team?
fifa cancels the 2023 u20 world cup in indonesia due to the 'current situation'. allegedly the 'current situation' is related to the rejection of the Israeli national team. see more news on
"This is a goal that must be understood to be anti-kadrun don't get caught up in the narrative just because you failed U20 or Israel. Football matters can determine who the presidential candidate is it's strange"
I have signed the regional head and his political party stating that they refuse Israel to take part in the Indonesian U20 World Cup. We as a whole will not vote for them if they stand for the next general election
"You are an idiot you lack literacy. Did Indonesia fail to host the U20 World Cup because of Israel's rejection?"
I hope Israel wins the u20 world cup
"List of officials political parties and parties opposed to Israel highlights the impact of Indonesia canceling the hosting of the U20 World Cup via"
"This is the true face of Indonesia only 30% support Israel being able to take part in the U20 World Cup. 20% are hypocrites the rest don't want the Jokowi government to be able to hold international football matches."
"Yeah it's clear anyways U20 who wants to wait? Most of the time it's only during the Indonesian match. FIFA canceled because FIFA is worried about the safety of the Israeli players right? It's not funny God forbid Indonesia meets Israel then Indonesia loses. Do you want the tragedy to happen again? It could be even more fatal. "
"Failed at the U20 World Cup because Kadrun was so stupid that he refused Israel to defend Palestine Kadrun was the model of the novel Bamukmin and a geek like you"
"Plot twist due to an unconducive internal situation the U20 Israel National Team chose not to participate in the 2023 U20 World Cup as a form of concern for the struggle of the Israeli people"
"From the beginning I didn't believe it was just because the Israeli national team the U20 event failed to be held at Konoha. In fact I believed more that FIFA was disappointed why the U20 event wasn't held on the field if compared to Solo or Palembang"
"While it's warm with the news that the U20 World Cup draw failed in Bali because of the Israel National Team I want to tell you a little about the Israeli-Palestinian problem. In full:"
"Remember Bali Governor Wayan Koster the PDIP cadre who rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup via"
"Finally he opened up for himself why your group rejected Israel in the U20 World Cup which in the end was canceled to be the host they will attack later if they run with a narrative recommendation cancel the u20 loan. I have read it"
"About Israel U20 and Indonesian Sovereignty FIFA National Team Ganjar"
"The u20 football world cup in Indonesia is threatened with failure? Because Israel is also participating... politics is brought to the ball!! What's the benefit? Imaging? Make it cool? Israel is a developed country we're still like this!! Come on it's just diverting the issue right? ??
"Actually it's useless to do this it's defending Palestine..pdhal.Palestine also took part in the U20 World Cup too. Those who are behind there and there in football. It's useless to refuse block what the heck is that.. it's useless. Israel in the next few days. already launched satellite spies... you're just stupid"
The Palestinian ambassador doesn't mind the Israeli U20 team appearing in Indonesia? uh... why do you refuse? what logic do you use? stupid and stupid the way you think.
"The dreams of Indonesian football club children were destroyed because the Israeli U20 team was banned from playing in Indonesia by 2 governors who refused and one of the political parties in Riau so FIFA crossed out Indonesia even though football in this world has no racism and holds brotherhood peace"
"Cancelled from hosting the U20s because of Israel's pros and cons this is a ridiculous name. Just a match for FIFA... world football doesn't have FIFA wow..."
"Indonesia cancels being the host of the U20 world Israel has nothing to lose Palestine does not gain Indonesia loses big. The risk is to position yourself as a late hero shameful!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I am very pro with you after I heard about the issue of reward for Israel's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup I am disappointed with you this is sport not politics."
2. Pak Jokowi's diplomatic way of maintaining Palestinian feelings is great by speaking directly to the Palestinian Ambassador Zuhair Al-Shun about the Israeli national team's planned arrival at the U20 tournament in Indonesia. and the Palestinian ambassador didn't mind at all.
right!! the israel-palestine conflict. sacrificed by the u20 national team. crazy!!!
"You shouldn't join in on Israel's rejection of comments sir because the cancellation of the U20 World Cup has buried the dreams of our nation's children greetings are always healthy"
FIFA privileged Israel like crazy from the start of qualification: rejected qualification in the AFC by 17 countries and then moved by FIFA to Europe. FIFA should help Indonesia provide a solution not just cancel Pildun-U20
"About Israel U20 and Indonesian Sovereignty"
FIFA can be desperate for the title even though it is rejected but security is the responsibility of the local government. If the U20 Israel National Team continues to play how can there be riots... that's why FIFA should just choose to change hosts
"Let's examine it yes there are two paragraphs here. The first paragraph of FIFA's decision for WC U20 which contains the word "regarding the current situation". allow Indonesia to be the host"
"The U20 setting agenda was crossed out due to anti-Israel protests. The cutting agenda could be because FIFA knows that Indonesian football must change first so that any event can be conducive."
"Aren't we also struggling with radical groups which are anti-diversity but on average also hostile to Israel? Maybe why reject Israel Indonesia is in ruins. Be careful be careful. Victory is Indonesian football under the command of ET. Success U20 national team"
"Regarding the U20 event not being held in Indonesia correct what I said. Rumors about the Israeli National Team are just conspiratorial stories that are made up in fact there is no FIFA mentioning the Israeli National Team. Instead what was mentioned about the Kanjuruhan tragedy. Buzzerrp and cebong curse at Mingkem."
"Mas Israel U20 only wants to play football you know he doesn't bring nuclear or bombs even though Israel is cool in terms of technology powllll smart people"
the paletina team vs the israel team competing in the u20 world cup peru they shake hands and play sportsmanship..while your brain is still dancing with hatred in front of the tv..is it healthy?...
"Will Indonesia still be able to act the same? Position the dignity of the nation as high as possible support non-alliance and defend oppressed countries? Don't reject Israel at the U20 World Cup it's obvious that next week it's actually the cooperation of Ma Israel"
"Seriously I want to ask does FIFA know or have heard the news that the starting 11 are involved in Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup? The problem is if FIFA especially other countries know that there is this commotion they will have a trust issue with Indonesia or not which will impact economic tourism. etc ?"
"Because they detected that that's why they chose to prevent that from happening. When the AFF bus was stoned it's very possible that the Israeli national team bus was thrown at the U20 World Cup during the U20 World Cup."
"I am proud that our nation is anti-Israel because it annexed Palestine but not in a reckless way like sulking at the U20 World Cup which means sacrificing national interests for dreams that are impossible to come true. If you are anti-Israel don't you realize that we have been familiar with their products"
I'm happy to cancel Indonesia as a U20 host. tearing down the arrogance of people who thought that by rejecting the national team FIFA would expel Israel as a participant in your dream you idiot! are you silent now?
"Kadrun hopes that Israel can be expelled from the u20 competition just like Russia was expelled from the world cup... ehh this is actually Indonesia being expelled...."
"But Pak Mahfud also contributed to Indonesia's failure to become the host. Regarding the U20 World Cup Mahfud: He is still looking for a way out in principle he refuses to support Israel"
"Indonesia was canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup not because it refused to accept the Israeli team not because of the tragedy but because many idiots couldn't read. FIFA is worried that the results of the match will be reversed because they can't read it"
want to get maxxwin? without using it for a long time we started dancing !!!!!!! an anti-corruption website and definitely 100% safe trusted mandatory list link
"Insinuated about the arrival of the U20 Israeli national team to Indonesia but when the Israeli parliamentary delegation came to Bali they were silent and babbling. The Israeli flag was clearly flying there. Now FIFA has canceled Indonesia being the host of the U20 what are your responsibilities?"
"Thank you presidential candidate Palestine now Israel will not come and play at U20 Joss"
"I also actually support that Palestine wants to be independent for several reasons but I don't hate/reject Israel either that's why yesterday it was really funny that Indonesia finally didn't win the U20 world cup hahahahh it's killing the people" he used Israel to reject everything hahahahah"
"The government was late in approaching FIFA even though there were elements the political parties rejected the Israeli U20 team. FIFA has read our situation regarding Pildun very well. FIFA's yellow light will come on. Only then will the government be aware send Eric Thor"
So the commotion now is that the reason FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup was because Indonesia rejected Israel or because of the kanjuran tragedy. well both of these are true. what's the fuss about?
"How about the other way around? If Israel gets to be the organizer of U20 football do you think that country will also refuse if Indonesia joins the game or Indonesia withdraws or something..... I hope this is a real drama for the political year which in the end there will be a win ..."
Happy to cancel Indonesia as U20 host. tearing down the arrogance of people who thought that by rejecting the national team FIFA would expel Israel as a participant in your dream you idiot! are you silent now?
"After all Israel was also rejected by the AFC until they moved to Uefa because almost all AFC members rejected them. They moved to Uefa with a warm welcome now Indonesia does not participate in WC U20 but Israel still participates."
So because of the wind the U20 host was canceled not because of protests from Israeli participants
"fifa did not mention the Israeli national team in the cancellation of the hosting of the u20 world cup instead alluding to the tragedy of the right"
because of what you did Indonesia was embarrassed and even Israel laughed at Indonesia now and made Indonesia waste the opportunity for Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup which may come once in a lifetime and you also buried the dreams of young people why are we in the world
Is this the Governor who refused to allow the Israeli team to compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia? .. wow Indonesia will be canceled as the host.. come on Mr. Jokowi thinks
"The turmoil against Israel which sadly also takes part in the government indicates low security guarantees for U20 participants. The potential for tragedies such as the recommendation can be repeated."
"Yes what else can you do if many reject Israel's arrival at U20. If it doesn't happen the country of Konoha will not be allowed to take part in international sporting events."
"Just don't make Israel's refusal a cover issue in revoking U20 host status to cover up the inability to manage domestic football. Never mind the technical problems of the match the problem of fighting over officials to the point where lives are a concern"
"The news about Indonesia canceling its bid to host the U20 World Cup was published in two Israeli media namely The Times of Israel and the Jerusalem Post."
"Thank you for participating in burying the hopes of the nation's children competing in the U20 World Cup. Have you ever counted how many people depend on football for their lives?
"G20's story is different Pildun U20 is in Israel how is Ukhti :)"
"The U20 World Cup failed in Indonesia. Who wins who loses? What does Indonesia get? Palestine gets what? Israel continues to swing."
"Yes that was PKS first the tsunami aid from Israel was on Mingkem it was Israel's turn to join the u20 in chorus"" under the preamble of the 45th constitution was abysmal... but even minority people were prevented""to worship and build churches they pretended"" forgot about the 45th constitution "
as a result because the u20 world cup was not held with 2 asean countries...such as indonesia and singapore or indonesia and the philippines...there must be a solution...israel can play outside indonesia
qualified!!! this needs to be underlined! no one can confront israel to take part in the u20 world cup including fifa! want to cry blood or want to riot to the point where it will not be able to cancel Israel's participation in the finals of the U20 World Cup
"Yes it can't be the same as Qatar in last year's world cup except that the Indonesian national team has joined the competition from the start like Israel which has qualified for the U20 world cup round."
"Mark those who refused Israel to come to Indonesia at the 2023 U-20 World Cup including PDIP the governor of Central Java rewarded Pranowo. Which caused the U20 Cup to be canceled in Indonesia. That's how politics is brought to sports."
"The tragedy of Kanjuruhan is the factor in canceling Indonesia's position as host for the U20 World Cup and is not related to the participation of the Israeli national team."
"Israel continues to play the U20 World Cup Palestine continues to play the Asian Cup (their sports are fine) some of us are increasingly drowning in the hatred that is nurtured uuaaasssyyyuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!"
"Israel passed the U20s last year but it's only been a stir recently especially those who gave the statement of Mas Ganjar who incidentally is very close to the president even at events with those who have government functions. It seems like there is something hidden the real reason for canceling FIFA"
"FIFA cancels Indonesia hosting the U20 World Cup. Now does Indonesia dare to compete in the U20 World Cup like Bung Karno for Ganefo? Where are the voices of Bung Karno's ungrateful supporters?! Political lust just pretends to be cooled down for Bung Karno's ideological reasons everything! Taek!"
"great Mr Wapres 2024 there are still many regions in Indonesia that are willing to accept the arrival of the Israeli U20 team"
this is not an israel problem in fact fifa is wise &amp; It's a shame that they will use it as an excuse for the tragedy so that Indonesia has no reason to be banned because it's been a long time since FIFA didn't want to ban the Republic of Indonesia so KTS only failed to host the U20 World Cup but the face of the Republic of Indonesia's football was saved by FIFA
it's good to refuse u20 world cup because of israel
"Well it's true that you have multiple interpretations in this release besides highlighting FIFA's decision which is clear they have grounds for canceling the U20 World Cup because of Israel's rejection in Indo. Those who are not Indonesians read the release and also find out the context in which it was canceled it's not like you who have to man-fed."
"If you know risk management then the government and PSSI have to think about the risk if Israel goes U20 and it will be safe to play in Indonesia but all those risks are taken later the important thing is to be accepted first as the host in the end it will all be a loss"
The one who spoke loudest yesterday refused Israel to play in the U20 World Cup washing hands with the FIFA letter right?
I can't imagine that one day... Indonesia will host the Thomas and Uber Cup... then the Israeli team will qualify for the Thomas Cup... I think the U20 World Cup incident will repeat itself....
"meaning that moderate Muslims who account for 80% in Indonesia must make counter-social media actions ""we moderate Muslims support u20 including Israel"" & also make real movements namely actions of tolerant Muslims reject radicalism & support India to be the host u20. is that right sal?"
"Anies Baswedan's way of working Pancasila is really fifa's recommendation for breaking news Palestine Israel U20 BTS"
sorry bro you are not wise... if you are a leader be consistent in speaking too don't criticize... who knows Israel will qualify for the u20 world cup? Israel passed because the team worked hard to play football
"It's not just the two of them... whoever the idiots who made a statement yesterday refusing the Israeli team to play football in Indonesia must be held responsible for the failure of Indonesia to host the U20."
it's not drama bro but the stupidity that is being shown... when the government party didn't help to make the u20 world cup a success... this was actually a big blunder that became the stove to reject the israel team with the narrative of the times of sukarno once rejecting the israel team... wow this era is already different.
"So what do you mean you're disappointed just because Israel rejected U20? FIFA is weak?! If it's like that I'm the same as you. But if only some Indonesian people weren't so stupid moron barbaric not civilized etc. reject Israel there won't be millions who are disappointed & sad because u20 is canceled here."
"What's interesting about FIFA's statement is that FIFA doesn't want discrimination at the U20 WC but the fact is that they crossed out Russia in yesterday's toilet because it was considered to have invaded Ukraine. Does FIFA think that what Israel has been doing to Palestine for decades was just war games?"
but did not mention either because there was a rejection by the israel team. it is very strange if there are state officials who refuse to participate in the u20 pdhl team that has a state game as well
"Not yet 'graduate' to play politics he fell into the underground movement of his competitors so that at this time his electability fell sharply along with his decision to reject the presence of the Israeli U20 national team even though he was only carried away by the settings of his group.."
"breaking news fifa pssi u20 indonesia kanjuruhan russia qatar palestine israel sports don't make riotsit's the earth's elite assholes who make their fans riot sports don't make riot elite jerks make their fans riot"
Do you agree that Israel is playing football in Indonesia? If you support the U20 World Cup with Israel participating why are you only tweeting now? Whatever the result you are always the opposite person.
wes national team u20 kon sparing wae psta football union tel aviv israel
if possible the sanctions are severe sir.. so that all of us will get sick! and let the people who reject u20 in Indonesia because of Israel think.. let all this Indonesian football fall apart!
"What's interesting about FIFA's statement is that FIFA doesn't want discrimination at the U20 WC but the fact is that they crossed out Russia in yesterday's toilet because it was considered to have invaded Ukraine. Does FIFA think that what Israel has been doing to Palestine for decades was just war games?"
"It's nice to go back and forth to our respective clubs without attending the U20 World Cup duk ojo when bidding for the Olympics is easy Mergo must Israel also participate in the Olympics with lots of sports. The U20 World Cup won't overcome the Olympic Games"
the one who proposed it the government didn't have to nominate to host Israel took part in the U20 world cup qualifiers
GP and Governor of Bali accused of being home actors btgg responsible for PSSI's failure to host U20. If the U20 World Cup were to be held the parties who are keen to demonstrate (choose the right one): 1. PDIP sympathizers 2. Rewards and volunteers 3. Radical groups 4. No one is demonstrating the Israeli team.
if I see him he refuses implicitly by saying that he supports the U20 world cup but if possible without Israel present (it is certain that it will not be possible). well what made it crowded was not about the place where he conveyed it it was an official/unofficial forum but he was the governor of Central Java
the position of rejecting the israel national team at u20 yohanies is looking for safety in the stands
"not because Israel rejected it it turns out that this is the reason Indonesia canceled to host the 2023 U20 World Cup"
captain israel u20 muslim….. and human opinion can be timeless because the times (even Bung Karno) are not like religious scriptures that are always in truth throughout the ages…
1. I'm sad that Indonesia can't compete in the U20 world cup. but Israel's rejection of it is in accordance with the mandate of the 1945 Constitution &amp; it is worth ideological as well as historical principles. &amp; matters of principle cannot be compromised. FIFA understands that. the government's fault for not mitigating Israel's involvement from the start
"fifa removes Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup it has decided this after the government refused to accept the team due to the diplomatic crisis between the countries the championship is scheduled for May 20 - June 11"
1. I'm sad that Indonesia can't compete in the U20 world cup. but Israel's rejection of it is in accordance with the mandate of the 1945 Constitution &amp; it is worth ideological as well as historical principles. &amp; matters of principle cannot be compromised. FIFA understands that. the government's fault for not mitigating Israel's involvement from the start.
"Is this the person who rejected the Israeli U20 National Team... he was the culprit Indonesia failed..."
you who claim to be religious leaders how come you don't stop being happy to incite it? The failure of the U20 World Cup is clearly due to Israel's rejection of it and potential security problems. Don't take your political passion anywhere
"... due current circumstance... after the visit there was no sanction instead they were given assistance in coaching the youth team. Purely because of Israel's refusal. . 3 hours meeting mgwti if it's appropriate that Jokowi didn't talk at all about U20 maybe a form of refusal for a decision reject israel.."
"the failed opportunity to increase regional tourism Reza Arap whose income was also canceled as a result of his song failing to be played as the opening wc u20 and there are still many more impacts. even though what you defend doesn't matter if Israel plays in Indonesia. thank you for the "critical" attitude " you guys."
"That's right bro... Israel is not recognized in Indonesia constitutionally. The dignity of the nation and the state is more important than just playing U20 football. There are still other places to play football."
"Yup Jokowi's dream was destroyed with all his portrayals & falsehoods betrayed by the governor of Bali & the governor of West Java for the u20 world cup so that the official scr will be held outside Indonesia because there is no guarantee of security indeed there is no mention of Israel the so-called October 2022 Kanjuruhan tragedy"
what do you think about the presidential candidate supported by PSI refusing the Israeli U20 national team to come to Indonesia??? still supported????
I also want to say to those who support Israel why not just become Israeli citizens. because the Indonesian state has clear laws and its constitution prohibits colonization and oppression. how come the country's own constitution wants to be trampled on just for the sake of your crazy little pildum (u20).
"If it's far away" the day already knows that Israel has passed the qualification to become a U20 participant. Right Israel can ask to be specifically moved to the nearest neighboring country to play. The important thing is to negotiate far away "" day. Don't be close. And only in football. another event or not?!"
"The current situation means that the context is related to the rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team. I just don't understand that."
"I hope that Indonesia will be banned by FIFA so that the people will still be carried away until 2024 years of politics... and the people can ban politicians who voice banning Israel from appearing at U20 will be affected by their actions."
"That's because of" "GP rejects the presence of the Israeli U20 National Team..Is that your master??"
"With all the lobbying and presidential guarantee letters to FIFS now there is and is the only way if Indonesia still wants to host the U20 World Cup... PSSI's "football diplomacy" lobby with Israel's PSSI is only a last resort. .. *takes a deep breath"
Yes FIFA thinks that the state cannot maintain security. they are afraid that if it is continued it will happen like a tragedy of recommendation. all because there is a motive namely Israel's rejection. If there is no Israeli rejection FIFA will surely say that security is safe and Ina is ready to hold U20.
"Is the cancellation of the u20 gubernatorial election at +62 will make Israel reduce its pressure on Palestine? Think wisely instead you are plunging this nation into a deep abyss. Not only FIFA sanctions there will be criticisms that can impact tourism etc. big parties shallow brains ."
"Jokowi is considered to have anticipated earlier that the governor would reject Israel having the effect of canceling the U20 World Cup"
"Pak Ganjar rejecting the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup is an unkind act among the Indonesian people in general but I think more that the Republic of Indonesia is everything to us meaning that if the 2024 presidential election I will still be with Pak Ganjar."
- Canceled hosting a world cup class event - Canceled competing in the world cup - Israel continues to compete - FIFA sanctions await - Israel - Palestine conflict continues - U20 national team brothers can only lament that in the end the dream of our nation's children will forever be just a dream.
this moment was used by unscrupulous red bulls to gain sympathy and at least help PSSI from the anger of Indonesian football fans by rejecting the Israeli national team at U20.
"The answer is simple. If it's a safety factor when Israel passes the U20 World Cup qualifiers all the political legal and security officials will have detected it. Bin BNPT Densus TNI Polri etc. must have been ready. Then we underestimated everything. The Israeli team should have resigned! ."
Are you satisfied with rejecting Israel to the point of canceling the U20 World Cup?
"Even though you say say no.. Israel continues to play in WC U20 Palestine which is desperately defended is still playing in the Asia Cup where is Indonesia playing? Liga RT?"
"- Israel qualified &amp; deserved to play in FIFA U20 - Indonesia was lucky to enter &amp; play because of the host - uh suddenly there are people who reject the Israeli national team - what ends? Indonesia fails to become a host - the impact? Our national team doesn't join uhh the israel national team is playing
"please underline those who were rejected were only Israeli U20 football athletes"
why is it that at the u20 world cup their football is like that huh. even though later on the beach game in Bali there will be an Israeli team coming
israel u20 will still play in u20 world cup..
"Palestine laughs at them they still play in the Asian Cup Israel still passes the U20 World Cup"
"Palestine doesn't matter really Israel doesn't protest playing the U20 World Cup. How come the Indonesians are more Palestinian than Palestinians."
I want the case of the recommendation to be over if there is FIFA or there is a rejection of Israel U20 it will still be cancelled
"Jokowi guarantees Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup has nothing to do with the consistency and position of our foreign policy towards Palestine. Satisfied Bali Mahfud is more funny Johan Budi 349 th hokky"
but it's true Israel is kea very idgaf with the u20 business
congrats sir for successfully rejecting israel in the u20 world cup
after successfully getting rid of Israel to play in Endonesyah the U20 World Cup national team is preparing Bekel ball and lato-lato Endonesyah.... it is planned that in the near future Palestine will host the U20 World Cup Bekel ball and Lato-Lato..... Endonesyah as
"binun me ... even though Indonesia is not the venue for the u20 event you can still compete in the u20 competition in the designated country o/? If you are banned it's not because someone rejects the Israeli national team but because..."
"The story of Indonesia failing to host the 2023 U-20 World Cup Israel won the U-19 until Erick Thorhir fell to PSSI"
It's useless to get praise if for example Indonesian football is still banned. Israel continues to play at U20 Palestine continues to play at the Asian Cup. what does Indonesia get? just got the wisdom
Jokowi intervened after the Israeli polemic at the U20 World Cup heated up
"PKS and white organizations were not significant for the cancellation of the U20 World Cup. It started with a letter from the Bali provincial government stating they refused the Israeli delegation's arrival. That letter later became the reason for FIFA canceling the draw. Meaning the Bali provincial government's letter is to be blamed."
"PBNU chairman about Israel in the U20 world cup: there is no profit for Palestine if it's just protesting sleeping protesting sleeping"
political reasons... if there is no objection from within Indonesia regarding the israel team surely the u20 event will continue?
"It's not just about the rejection of the Israeli national team it turns out that this is the reason why Indonesia canceled the hosting of the U20 World Cup"
"Indeed Indonesia could still host the U20 World Cup but Israel's political bargaining power is stronger in the world forcing FIFA to let Indonesia give in as host."
the tragedy of the recommendation is a reference for FIFA that the handling of ball security by the police is very bar-like &amp; barbaric that caused hundreds of supporters to die from tear gas ahead of the U20 FIFA saw that the Israeli National Team refused FIFA anticipated that rather than having a tragedy Indonesia was canceled as a host
"You better vote to change the constitution first and then get angry. The rejection of the U20 Israel National Team must be carried out by the state because the rules are in Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 3/2019 Chapter X the foundation is the preamble of the UUD 45."
"But the Palestinian children are still playing in the Asian Cup bro then Israel is still quiet at U20. Meanwhile we are getting ready to wait for the FIFA sanctions to just be spectators. at u20/indo why did you turn down bambang.)"
"Whatever initial decision was made by the Indonesian government was very correct I am not defending Pak Jokowi and the chairman of the Indonesian MPR because there is a history behind the refusal of the Israeli U20 team not to be allowed to enter Indonesia quoting the 1945 Constitution ""that all forms... .."
"Those who refused to allow the Israeli team to play in the U20 World Cup primitive and stupid people especially the cadets in the end Indonesia was ostracized from the world of football.. you bastards"
Even though the recommendation is complete it will still be canceled if FIFA knows that there are many rejections against Israel U20 too
"The world is now developing boss. Don't blame other countries that have met the requirements in sports matches. Reflect on this country. If you don't agree or refuse the governor will propose when Israel is found to have passed the u20. Don't be at the last second and then talk!"
"Palestine is still not independent Israel is still taking part in the U20 World Cup while Indonesia is still and will always be a clown in international football"
I got emotional reading the stupid comments about Israel at the u20 event... that's right Thanos... removed 50% of it..
"But it's true in the past the national team failed to qualify for the world cup because they refused to compete against the Israeli national team. Now we are canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup because the Israeli national team is participating. We have to be consistent and continue history."
Can Palestine be independent from Israel in this way? With them not being able to pursue their dreams in the canceled U20 World Cup can Palestine not be colonized by Israel anymore?
"The Israeli-Palestinian conflict has now changed our constitution is 1945. You should think clearly and follow developments. PDIP is one of those who are adamant in rejecting the Israeli national team to play in Indonesia so that Indonesia is canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup."
"Instagram was invaded by netizens because of Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup reward Pranowo was ignorant."
The kanjuruhan tragedy was the reason for the cancelation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Not because of the Israeli team's rejection. Johan Budi Pak Erick Hokky is even cuter Iwan Caucasians
"Several people were disappointed by the rejection of rewards for the Israeli national team which led to Indonesia failing to host the 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup causing many comments threatening rewards. What are the comments? Find out more at:"
"Jokowi is firm in making statements there is no clamour: the Israeli team can play in the U20 World Cup"
according to what gus dur said ... prabowo will become president at the end of his age a plan that has the sky too ... reward for rejecting israel .... a plan that has the sky too ... fifa cancels u20 always follow it ... whatever the will of the almighty people are just trying...
"since the kanjuruhan tragedy the league has been in chaos. ahead of the u20 world cup promotion was not so intense. maybe already thought it would be cancelled fifa did not mention the reasons for israel's refusal so the reason for the u20 world cup was cancelled. maybe you can't answer when asked russia can be crossed out why israel not?"
this gets complicated... between pros &amp; cons u20 israel. ?? or.. pro &amp; cons about the tragedy of 135 lives lost in the right?? what is clear is that there were tears running down the cheeks of all the victims' families.. that... also fifa thought... you bong? so it's not just.. the 1945 uud preamble!!!!?
u20 world cup cancelled. the state of Israel and Palestine. sad
FIFA did not mention that the rejection of the Israeli team was the cause of the cancellation of the U20 World Cup the Kanjuran tragedy was the main cause of the failure of the U20 World Cup
"israel diverts the issue of recommendation don't get complacent 135 lives are more important than just the u20 world cup"
"these are the same idiots who say that they reject Israel and continue" "therefore it is the responsibility and duty for Mr. Erick Tohir and Mr. President Jokowi to lobby FIFA so that U20 will continue to be implemented in Indonesia"" you know what throw stones and hide your hands the anj"
thensss... where's the voice sir with the rejection of the Israeli team / the cancellation of Indonesia as the u20 host?
this is the u20 world cup where there is no israel and the tragedy of his right
"israel diverts the issue of recommendation don't get complacent 135 lives are more important than just the u20 world cup"
"Security reasons especially since there have been many rejections for the arrival of the Israeli U20 National Team. I'm afraid something untoward will happen."
"The government has tried you know. The president went to a press conference regarding the uproar over the issue of the rejection of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup then KRM Pak Et lobbied the FIFA chairman with a national guarantee letter but FIFA considers the current issue in Indonesia to be a serious matter it's in paragraph 1 fifa letter."
"In terms of the rejection of the Israeli team in the u20 it's ridiculous to have one vote with PKS and radicals.... including 2 ridiculous governors... even more ridiculous is the one who supports the ridiculous governor... just abstain"
"I got information from the same tweet. The Israeli national team's refusal to go to the Indonesian U20 WC actually could have been accepted by FIFA's press but there was something FIFA highlighted more namely the governor of Bali Koster's statement about the trauma of the bomb."
"Those who yesterday banned Israel from playing at U20 immediately don't use IG FB Twitter YouTube all businessmen from Israel..."
"Because the Indonesian U20 national team is not competing in the PDU20 in 2023 they have been sent to compete in Palestine led by chairman I Wayan Koster GP and other organizations that reject the presence of the Israeli national team later Palestine will soon become independent thanks to their solidarity"
"Indonesia participating in the U20 is a prize as a host if you fail the qualification. In the Asia U20 Cup Indonesia does not qualify from the group stage while Asia's quota is only the semifinals (top 4). Israel did qualify so FIFA guarantees their participation."
"And the Palestinian ambassador has given us the green light to attend Israel. I don't know why PSSI has been trying to lobby for FIFA to keep holding the U20 in Indonesia. But since the cancellation of the draw in Bali there have been signs that the U20 will be cancelled"
"Regarding the issue of canceling Indonesia to host the U20 don't blame anyone we are the ones who are still not ready to accept Israel to attend and FIFA knows that. In fact Pak Jokowi has emphasized not to interfere in sports and politics"
how come you are like wahabi how to read it? very textual!!! try to draw a common thread from the issue of recommendation to the rejection of the israel u20 national team. it's a potential security issue that fifa doubts.
"I'm sure now Pak Karno is crying when he sees young Indonesians losing hope because of your actions on behalf of him rejecting the Israeli national team which resulted in NKRI failing to host the U20 you have a party..."
"His hatred for Israel is so deep that he dares to take the risk of canceling the big U20 world football event. It seems that defending Palestine means defending religion. But the affairs of the Umrah worship are also taken up this is the right thought.."
"Even though Indonesia faces the possibility of being suspended by FIFA I applaud the action of the governor of Bali who protested Israel's participation. The U20 World Cup is a competition for the country of Israel not the country!"
Indonesia lost a lot... great sir thank you for your support against Israel in this U20 world cup. greetings for changing choices in the 2024 election.
Now I'm back if the case of the recommendation is thoroughly investigated and all the perpetrators are punished then there are still waves of rejection against Israel U-20 will FIFA still continue WC U-20 in Indonesia? This suggestion was also made because the riotous fans took to the field to make it difficult
the rejection of the israel u20 team that will play in indonesia has drawn rejection from various parties.
"It's really sad that U20 isn't in Indo. It's really a dog people who reject Israel taii"
"Refusing U20 to play in Indonesia is certain but there is no Israeli word in the cancellation of Indonesia as the host instead FIFA mentions the October 2022 tragedy which claimed 135 lives in the Kanjuruan tragedy. +62 lots of drama blamed wind"
"all countries that do not have a diplomatic tie with israel must have a plan if they have to enter the same cage with israel. emerging football nation now. the club has started direct to the uefa cl stage group youth nt enter u20 wc senior nt quite strong in unl will not want withdraw/boycott is prolonged"
"Just read the reason why FIFA revoked Host U20. None of that was because of Israel's refusal but because of the tragedy. Just because of the chaos the Indonesian police &amp; PSSI can't handle it there's no responsibility you want to pretend to be Pildun's host? dream "
"Indonesians have rejected Israel since the Soekarno era and FIFA knows that for sure but Indonesian friends were allowed to bid on U20 and won what is clear is that local-level proposals alone have killed hundreds of people what about U20."
"With the cancellation of the U20 World Cup the impact will be on all activities such as the Olympics and other sporting activities ensure that Indonesia will no longer be chosen as the host surely every time there is an activity like this Indonesia will reject Israel"
"Thank you sir how do you feel after Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup because of Israel proud? Happy? soccer player congrats sir for winning"
I hope you are happy to be able to kill the dreams and big hopes of young people who want to make their country proud. Your pleasure of course is with Israel who continues to play in the U20 World Cup. fun &amp; pseudo success that embarrasses his own country. hurt their own country. shame on you dad..
This means that FIFA still entrusts the U20 venue in Indonesia before the rejection by the Israeli national team
"Indonesia will be in chaos if WC U20 continues to be held in Indonesia imagine the anti-Israel demonstrations and anarchy everywhere. The government already knows that. It could be that the cancellation was at the request of the Indonesian government itself."
From when I was a baby until I was tuwak it was the same noise. one day the u20 world cup will be in one of those countries (israel / palestine) and they can play together who bite the fingers of the football players here who have dreamed of playing in the world cup for a long time and that too because of the privilege of being the host.
"Yes this time FIFA wrote this explicitly because of Israel with the cancellation FIFA's affairs with Indonesia regarding the U20 World Cup are over. Whatever assumptions Indonesians want FIFA is really stupid"
"The Israeli national team continues to play in the U20 World Cup the Indonesian national team fails to play. Pretending to bring faith see the domino effect of the cancellation too"
"Indonesia cancels hosting the U20 World Cup parties who oppose Israel are in the spotlight"
"In this case you are right bro you have to reject Israel and the failure of the U20 World Cup was not because of Israel but for other reasons one of which brought up the tragedy in Kanjuruhan"
"If you're good at it you don't have to wait to be the host first after all the U20 World Cup is every 2 years there are always lots of opportunities to be able to take part. The Israeli conspiracy is a diversion of issues what is actually the readiness of the committee especially the stadium is not 100% ready."
When rejecting Israel in the U20 world cup who is actually being defended? Palestine or ego respectively huh?
"2 generations of u20 failed to appear in the first world cup because of covid the second because of the issue of Israel"
"That's not the conclusion reflecting on the tragedy and turmoil of the FIFA Israel national team's refusal to not take risks with the security of the U20 World Cup team because the level of rioting will be greater and it will be proven that our security team is incompetent to deal with riots later"
"WC U20 was canceled not because it was fully recommended FIFA canceled it more to minimize the risk... because of the emergence of the issue of the rejection of the Israeli national team now FIFA has minimized it so that it doesn't happen like it was ordered again (failed in security) especially since the Israeli national team was clearly rejected"
"Hopefully in the future Israel or one of its allies will host Pildun. And the PSSI team (U15 U16 U17 U19 U20 U23 or senior) will qualify... but were refused. The reason was because they were afraid that 'Al Indonesian Bombers' would just get away with it. only because of a miracle from God's mercy... uh even rejected "
"bang ainun this is not about israel palestine and football. this is about the bastards the novel bamukmin and his people pa212 and his people knpi pdip pks gp iwk and the bastards who reject israel u20 only want our nation to be failed nation in the eyes of the world"
you are at the wrong address... FIFA's statement that said it was the result of the tragedy not Israel's problem he wrote the letter to the Republic of Indonesia please protest to FIFA please to those who have nothing to do with FIFA's policy of canceling the U20 World Cup the accusations are inconsequential &amp; wrong address
"It's just unfortunate it's not good. Even the U20 will not be played because of Israel. Radicals are driven by the opposition... this is a good lobby smart they should be able to fix the football next year with the help of FIFA. This is a bad football + a tragedy."
israel wild ball at u20 world cup in indonesia
don't spread hoax. FIFA canceled the U20 title in Indonesia not because of the rejection of Israel but because of the October 2022 incident aka Kanjuruhan.
"leagues and leagues have stopped because of the u20 world cup. now the world cup has been canceled in Indonesia because of ""true" historians".
"The u20 problem is not because of Israel or Palestine. It's an 'engineered' event it's the second darkest event in world football. Read FIFA's letter OK?"
but if I said: I don't know if Israel passed the U20 qualification round
The security for the U20 world cup is at the level of the G20 summit you know... but why didn't the governor of Bali protest when he was cheated? the governor doesn't know that the Israeli representative is not coming? why doesn't the PDIP scream? why not triak when israel qualified for the u20 world cup a few months ago (which almost coincided with the cheat)?
"The context is still the same as the issue of the constitution!! Israel will also come to this competition in August so will they be consistent in upholding the constitution or not those who voice Israel's rejection in this U20 world cup I just want to know!."
"Observers who are proud of FIFA's decision to cancel Indonesia from hosting the U20. Indonesia will never host an international sports championship so it's proud to be spared from the source of the disease: Israel."
"mks gnpf mui 212 fadli zon hidayat nur wahid... those are traitors to the nation who rejected the u20 world cup because of israel you just shut up buzzer anus crazy bass... fuck"
"It's a pity you're not invited to play the U20 World Cup Israel is still competing"
"The right? You know the reason FIFA crossed out Russia in the Qatar World Cup? One of the reasons is humanity and world peace why isn't it also applied to Israel? .... Have you read the reasons for canceling the U20 world in Indonesia?..."
"Idiot GP tweet FIFA is the one who has this intention! And Israel has the right to enter the U20 World Cup because it passed the qualification. Indonesia has been revoked from its participation. Israel can still take part in the 2023 U20 World Cup at the new host later"
Be wary of the group that opposes the Israeli National Team which has succeeded in thwarting the country as the organizer of the 2023 U20 in Indonesia. they are and are.
did Anies agree with the holding of U20 in Indonesia yesterday if there was Israel? If for example he becomes president do you allow it or not bro?
Indonesia didn't host the U20 World Cup yes it's because Indonesia didn't want the Israeli delegation to come too... not because of the October 2022 incident. ok bozz?
let's mark the people who have contributed to rejecting Israel are satisfied now right? FIFA has canceled the U20 World Cup. Bali is getting more and more famous because it can choose foreign tourists to come
Can you imagine if for example what happened in the field was a real riot? in the sense that groups of supporters attack people on the field (for example a team that is playing; in this case the Israeli U20 National Team for example).. Can you imagine what it was like and how many victims there were?
"As for Israel's problem is there any rejection from the participating countries in the U20 World Cup who refuse to compete against the Israel U20 national team? The Israel U20 national team also passes through the qualification route."
"By rejecting Israel to Indonesia then Palestine becomes independent? After all they don't play in Indonesia they also have nothing to lose. After all in the style of action against Israel it is thought that FIFA will expel Israel from U20 like that"
"Try to give SS where is the tweet that said the reason for the recommendation was just running away from Israel. Israel's question was the reason for canceling the Indonesian U20 World Cup but FIFA is still trying to help with the October tragedy. Regardless of the cancellation. So these are 2 different cases right."
"In FIFA's official letter regarding the cancellation of Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup there is not a single word that mentions the word Israel. The letter instead includes ""tragedy october 2022"". So the cancellation is indeed because we ourselves have not "finished" handling matters football"
"Gangar's popularity has skyrocketed along with the cancellation of the U20 World Cup. Anies' popularity has declined the effect of his gray attitude regarding the Israeli national team which failed to compete in Indonesia. I guess if I wrote the news man"
"In FIFA's official letter regarding the cancellation of Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup there is not a single word that mentions the word Israel. The letter instead includes ""tragedy october 2022"". So the cancellation is indeed because we ourselves have not "finished" handling matters football"
how come anus is not responsive about the u20 even though the supporters are anti israel anis are looking for safety
breaking news : fifa cancels u20 world cup in indonesia. thanks israel thanks for rejecting where is palestine? please help
I hope israel will be u20 world champion
"Why is there so much rejection of the Israeli U-20 national team but the reason that made the cancellation of the hosting of the U-20 World Cup in Indonesia was a tragedy right? The answer the common thread is a security problem.. both on the field and off the field.."
"the regional leaders and the wong cilik party are still "little"" interpreting Soekarno's struggle with today's changes !!! the u20 national team failed to take part in the u20 world cup and was canceled as host Israel still took part in the u20 world cup...asking for help please with Palestine!"
"This is the result of the shooting of tear gas so that there are many victims which is the main problem. In my opinion the U20 World Cup failed because of the failure of our security system at the stadium and control over the period of brackets not because Indonesia refused Israel to play here."
The Ummah party urges FIFA to exclude Israel from participating in the U20 World Cup
"Israel still passes to play in the U20 world cup Indonesia was previously able to play as a participant because it became the host in the end it ran aground"
"I'm sure after Indonesia bravely rejected the Israeli national team and failed to host the U20 World Cup Israel immediately left the land of Palestine and settled down right away I'm sure of that. By the way I'm also sure that the earth is shaped like a donut"
Israel National Team Rejection Squad at the U20 World Cup vs Indonesia U20 National Team
I received information that the cancellation of Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup... is not an Israeli issue. Precisely because of the matter of the *tragedy of recommendation*. he said he had received a light sanction before... in fact the settlement of the case was not even considered serious. Is that true?
beware of being attacked by pildul u20 suckers who think the reason for the cancellation is because someone rejects Israel
"It's a pity for Indo. Who expects Israel to be able to enter the U20 World Cup. We are Islamic countries of course we don't want Israel to come. It's not about FIFA saying because it was last minute like this Indonesia may not be allowed to play in the 2026 World Cup qualifiers."
"With the rejection of the U20 Israeli team by the lobster for constitutional reasons and trauma I hope that foreign tourists will still come to Bali without being traumatized by the lobster statement. note: photos are just sweeteners"
What I know is that because of Israel's refusal to play in Indonesia FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
your zoaks brain bro. You're the one who told U20 Israel to play in Indonesia. even though it contradicts the preamble of the 1945 Constitution. you are the one who is very disappointed. canceled..world cup match in Indonesia. What does he have to do with..anis baswedan? how come you blame arb... it's irrelevant you know bong guoblog.
are you satisfied already? the beautiful dream of the sons of the nation has been shattered... Israel continues to play in the You 20 World Cup... the Indonesian U20 National Team has destroyed its beautiful dreams..
It is suspected that the millennial group of prospective voters in the 2024 presidential election harbors hatred for mass organizations which have been demonstrating vigorously against the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup. FIFA cancels Indonesia's status as host for the U20 World Cup via
"Regardless of the cause the incident in October 2022 or the rejection of the Israeli national team.. it's sad to see U20 children through their social media posts.. imagine you guys at that age had such a big opportunity suddenly it just disappeared.. :("
"Funny a short but perfect word to describe these politicians. G20 which is clearly a forum for economic cooperation Israel you warmly accept. Meanwhile the U20 World Cup you bury the dreams of your own nation's children. You really are dicks sir"
"forbidding Israel from participating in the U20 World Cup on humanitarian grounds it's a shame it's a shame"
"Wow when many people reject the Israeli U20 national team where is your lord? Are you afraid of America if you refuse too?"
"This you know. Israeli athletes have been to Indo..and it's ok..why are you making such a fuss now the point is that regional officials are afraid of religious prostitutes...if this rubbish is kept by the state surely Indonesia will never progress & never will become the champion‼"
"Agreed I'm drunk on religion Israel continues to play Palestine is fine Qatar is ready to accommodate Indonesia is just a disaster the future of the U20 National Team is buried so that's solidarity"
"For U20 national team players who failed to participate in the world cup failure is commonplace and your dreams can still come true with hard work but your disappointment is not comparable to the sadness of people who have lost their family members due to the tragedy of war or Palestinians who died colonized by Israel"
Indonesia cancels as U20 host Israel continues to play in the U20 world cup ?????
fifa cancels Indonesia to host the u20 world cup not because of the Israeli issue but because of the tragedy broo..
"""Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup"" was Israel the reason for the trigger? I don't know Mr. Erick Ketum PSSI participated in the FIFA decision which made some people disappointed and dissatisfied. The impact narrative tweet was part of breaking news."
"Israel is more valuable to FIFA even though it's only a small U20 team compared to the superpower Russia which even carries a senior national team."
no that's not the point in removing fifa as the host of the u20 world cup don't change the topic of israel's rejection of this matter...fuck
My only question is 1. If indeed Israel becomes bag u20. then why did Indonesia propose to become the host for 2018 until it was approved. then the polemic ensued during injury time. do our intelligence have no information? This has wasted 2 trillion rupiah. no more doubts about fifa etc.
"The fact is like that Israel was rejected at U20 while Israel was also accepted by parliamentary delegates in Bali...these bastard PKS cadres..."
I was also surprised by his move when he also rejected Israel's participation in the u20.. he is amazing...
"Nope. Israel is not a strong country in football. They have no power. However Indonesia also has no power and there is no support for the boycott of Israel from the U20s. So it's clear that FIFA is better off removing Indonesia from the hosts."
"It turns out that many people fail to understand about FIFA's reason for canceling Indonesia as the host at the U20 even though the first paragraph is clear ""due to the current circumstances" because of the current situation the fact that the current situation is discrimination against the Israeli national team which FIFA cannot tolerate"
"It doesn't matter that Palestine doesn't matter if Israel participates in U20. Because they know it's Israel's right they get their rights not prizes like Indonesia which was appointed as the host.
"The u20 world cup hasn't started yet Israel has won first. won everything. nkri is final. but we still lost. wakakakaka."
"Why didn't the statement come out when Israel passed the U20 world cup hadehh if it's already tight like this FIFA is also scared. But no matter what there's some truth to it. There's a possibility that this could happen well it's good that the world cup didn't happen in Indonesia"
""" due to current circumstances to remove Indonesia as the host of fifa u–20 world cup"" PSSI in taking care of the kanjuruhan tragedy"
"""israel and palestine can still play in the u20 world cup. but we ourselves have to abort our own children's dreams of appearing in the world cup event"""
The twit has been deleted luckily it's been embarrassed or what about the voting results expecting U20 Israeli football to come to Indonesia all support all the KNPI troops which is clear your friend on Twitter why was it deleted???? hellooo
I hope Israel will win WC U20 hahaha
"Hopefully Israel and Palestine can meet in the U20 match if possible in the final... let's see if the Palestinian players are better at refusing than the idiots and the idiots i Wayan Koster..."
because of poor literacy... citizens who ridicule the rejection attitude of the Israel U20 team consider this to be Indonesian stupidity
What's certain is that the ripples from the WC-U20 will be history. this is the first time pdip has been intimate with pks in the same carriage to the right together. It is also history that Indonesia is on the same level as Syria and is considered unsafe to hold it. while Palestine? The national team coach is Israeli
"You have to have an identity this is a matter of humanity every day Palestinians are killed by Israel indeed achievements have to be from the U20 World Cup?? it can be from other paths.."
"As for sir I actually hope that the statement rejecting FIFA guests (U20 Israel) is because of your independent decision alone. Because if that is a party instruction then you are more loyal to the party than the people. If Pak Jokowi the statement is clear"
"israel wins u20 world cup final against palestine"
"You are exaggerating... Palestine doesn't matter if Israel joins u20 you are more Palestinian than Palestinian. You sacrifice your country for the sake of other countries okay... as long as you change your citizenship so you can immediately wage jihad against Israel..."
"Justice sees that Israelis are not all bad. The Israeli U20 national team striker is a Muslim and many Israelis are Muslim. Before this there were Israeli athletes and delegations who had come to Indonesia why can't the football team be fair now or not?"
"The person or institution that rejected Israel's arrival should be responsible for the PSSI U20 athletes it could be that their psyche &amp; dreams were crushed here. They deserve to be called heroes because they sacrificed their dreams for the sake of Indonesia's consistency in the status of the Israeli state."
It seems that FIFA has revoked Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup not only because of the governor of Bali or the governor of Central Java. they are more concerned about recommendations. the point is security. I think you know. so you can't do anything either. what is the guarantee that if israel plays there will be no riots? So yes you have to accept fate
"Reported by the CNN Indonesia page the governor of Bali I Wayan Koster when met after a meeting with Commission II of the DPR (27/3) was reluctant to talk much about his rejection of the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup in Bali"
israel and palestine which is a huge Indonesian football conflict. u20 is sad.
"O my friend who understands football better than I do Indonesia's cancellation of hosting the U20 World Cup is because Israel refuses to play here or is it true that the stadiums and the equipment are not ready?"
"the rejection of the israel national team which led to the cancellation of Indonesia being the host of the u20 world cup and also waiting for severe sanctions from.
"Too excited about the U20 world cup okay I don't like Israel either but the way sir etc. isn't smart. I should have played in Indonesia.. So every Israel played all 90% of the audience was in the stands of Indonesian supporters bullying to the fullest when playing L for their mentality down etc"
give an explanation to Indonesian football fans who were a factor in being canceled as hosts at U20 due to the recent Israeli tragedy of proposing or refusing
"But FIFA doesn't want that so the main reason for the cancellation is the current conditions in Indonesian football without mentioning what and what. Because FIFA understands that the current condition of football in Indonesia makes it impossible to hold the U20 World Cup plus anti-Israel narratives"
"Russia is also not certain that it will qualify for Qatar the case is different from Israel which is certain to enter the Indonesian U20 World Cup"
"right after Ganjar's comments about Israel canceling Indonesia to host WC U20. Ganjar's electability will definitely drop even the PDIP will also drop."
Volunteering is also one of them... but the rejection of the Israeli U20 football team is the biggest in upholding the Pancasila Precepts Constitution 2 and UUD 45 Alenia 1
"The tragedy of the award deserves to be used as a reason for canceling Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup. But this reason is too late I tend to be because the arrival of the Israeli national team received widespread rejection from the Indonesian people..."
"The issue is because the radical organizations accepted by the MUI plan to physically attack the Israeli U20 team right?"
who brought Israel into being the cause of Indonesia being kicked out of the U20?? Obviously because of the tragedy that prompted us to be banned the country's foundation is just drama and narrative.
"WC U20 moved wherever Israel and Palestine neither profit nor loss... the war continues... is it Indonesia?"
"The Israel vs Palestine conflict continues Israel continues to compete in the U20 World Cup what do we get?"
"Now Mr. u20 world."
"plus why didn't fifa mention ""rejection against israel"" in the cancellation of the wc u20 host? - the mention is negative for israel and could be a precedent. added ""current conditions"" implicitly means that? - but it needs interpretation .. it could also be the current wind conditions."
"So which one rejected the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup so that the impact was on the World Cup yesterday we talked about the Constitution and UUD 1945 now what is in this video is the Constitution & UUD 1945 still in effect or are you pretending to forget it"
"The rejection of the u20 world cup in Indonesia is clearly due to the political elites who are self-centered and the non-teaching organizations even threaten to besiege the airport if the Israeli team is very sad to defend other nations and even destroy their own children"
"Should the gray hair and lobster have issued a counter-productive statement sir as the head of state head of government the TNI-Polri commanders have issued a statement or the army commander & the chief of police have guaranteed the security of all u20 participants before the wild ball of the Israeli team's rejection becomes big."
requested to all Indonesian people. don't vote for the party that rejects the israel u20 football team in the upcoming 2024. because it no longer fits the party. more suitable kadrun party
"Israel continues to play the U20 World Cup the Palestine vs Israel conflict continues what can Indonesia get?"
"Before knowing that Israel was worried (if this is true yes) the Jews and Hamas fans had already started to fight against the presence of the Israeli U20 team. Some brought book teachings too."
"The Israel U20 National Team continues to play because its status has indeed passed the qualifications the Indonesian U20 National Team was crossed out because its status is only a participant (because it is the host). Now the Indonesian National Team can only grin... thank you for those of you who rejected the U20 World Cup."
"Your brain is constrained failing to host the U20 World Cup is clear because of the threat of a big demonstration if the Israeli football team comes to Indonesia"
"The world cup alone is not capable. Especially the Olympics. The u20 world cup attended by at least 23 athletes while the Israeli Olympics in Tokyo alone were able to qualify for 90 athletes and in the 5 editions before Tokyo the average was 40 athletes. So long as it cannot accept several countries don't expect to be a host like this
"FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because they were afraid of riots not Indonesia was afraid of radical Islam...I call Mr. Ganjar because he said he rejected the Israeli team people blamed him...that's so bad...update the news ok? "
"Mother just living in Palestine means don't live and eat in Indonesia anymore. This result doesn't change anything. Palestine is now still in conflict with Israel.
it's clear even if the host is not Indonesia. Palestine and Israel are still competing in the u20 arena. defending people's nations but for their own nation left behind using brains! logic in use!
"Even if for example there isn't one and you continue WC U20 there will be Mossad agents who will join and disguise themselves as staff for the Israeli national team just in case"
"What if it's reversed: if one day the U20 national team or other sports qualify for the world cup and the host is Israel will they resign or continue to compete?"
even from the politicians who shouted anti-israel and Bung Karno's message no one criticized the issue of guaranteeing security at the u20 world cup reflecting on the handling of the kanjuruhan tragedy.
"Let me translate: with Indonesia failing and not being able to play the U20 World Cup is Palestine no longer colonized by Israel? What are the disadvantages of Indonesia's preparation for the Ink event which has been prepared for 4 years can someone replace it?"
"Sorry sir after you declared your rejection of Israel and now the U20 World Cup has been cancelled I hereby declare that I will continue to support you because I am not willing for this country to be led by a leader who is smart at talking but can't work."
Which is more stupid than the person who rejected the Israel U20 national team in Indonesia?? seriously ask
"FIFA has decided that Indonesia will no longer be the host at U20 due to the many rejections from the Israeli national team but Mr. Erick Thorhir will continue to fight for FIFA not to sanction PSSI so that there is still a chance for Indonesian football to excel"
"Fifa U20 is really lacking in security looking at the pros and cons because the Israeli team is even less I'm afraid there will be more demonstrations and more fatalities"
"Madam I want to ask does the daughter in the DPR have the same statement as the GP about Israel at the U20 World Cup?"
"So this is how Indonesia is also doing the same thing? By the way Israel has passed the U20 World Cup in June 2022 and that was last year. The appointment of Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup was long ago in 2019 if I'm not mistaken. So why is it so crowded now? Israel's rejection of the world cup drawing?"
"I'm sorry Mr. Ganjar after you said your rejection of Israel and now the U20 World Cup is cancelled. So I hereby declare that I will continue to support you... because I refuse to vote for a presidential candidate who is good at talking but can't work!"
Palestine is still being terrorized and the Israeli U-20 team is still competing on the new host. So what do you get from all of this rejection???? yeah the Indonesian u20 team didn't take part in the world cup hahahahahahahahaha
"Ganjar Pranowo was criticized by netizens after rejecting the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup netizens: presidential candidate for Palestine"
"It could be that if GP Koster and PDIP don't comment on the Israeli national team's refusal to attend the FIFA U20 World Cup they will still hold matches in Indonesia. For FIFA those who refuse are only people who don't like football and that's small."
The case of the recommendation that caused FIFA to cancel the U20 World Cup is not a matter of Israel's rejection.
"Don't vote for this party in the 2024 election friends because of the rejection of Israel's arrival in Indonesia. FIFA will punish Indonesia for not hosting the U20 World Cup"
hope the israel u20 national team will win..amen ya rabb..
"According to the article released today: * Indonesia has officially been removed as the host for the U20 World Cup due to rejection * even though it has been removed FIFA will still stay in Indonesia to help overcome the problem of Israel's suggestion to continue playing because Israel has passed the qualifying round"
denying israel's presence is synonymous with rejecting on u20.
"In the past Pak Jokowi was branded a party officer. Even though he was president he must have only been a puppet of the party leader. But now? Israel passing the WC-U20 is just a test of wisdom and visionary of the leaders in this country. Canceling matters is not important. But who stands where that is which is proof"
"It turns out that it wasn't because of Israel but the tragedy of the proposal that made FIFA cancel Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup....... Do you know who is the mastermind behind the tragedy ???????? Fifa shoots once gets 2 prey at once .!!!!!!!!"
"With the incident FIFA has convinced FIFA that Indonesia will not be able to maintain the security of all participants in the U20 World Cup especially including Israel"
The u20 world cup has been canceled it's time to wait for Densus 88 to catch the bride and groom for the suicide bombing of the Israeli national team or to distribute sketches of the faces of the bride and groom for suicide bombings like what Denny Siregar said supporters of Ganjar Pranowo and PDI-P
"""and the certainty that the Israeli national team will pass the selection for the u20 suna cup we will only find out in July 2022"" he said. From the article you brought yourself! July 2022 why March 2023 the rejection letter came out?"
"then at the same time spreading a very massive narrative if the action of refusing the Israeli national team which they organized before has nothing to do with Indonesia's failure to host the U20 world cup. It's no joke. Really a cunning and lucky bastard"
we want to kick israel out of the u20 world cup instead we are the ones who get kicked. as a result of not being able to measure self-capacity.
"et tried to convince Gianni that this national guarantee was not canned directly from jokowi.. he stated that the asian games were safe and successful g20 let alone be able to present 2 countries that were at war.. indonesia will deploy our best troops to protect u20 participants especially israel"
"fifa canceled the u20 pindun not because Israel is still because of the tragedy. Erick Tohir is only playing with the Israeli issue to cover up the real cause they want to be heroes and restore confidence by rejecting Israel in many ways"
"Want to curse the taste ... but yes ..... I can only note the figures who contributed to the rejection of the Israeli national team at the Indonesian U20 and ... changed the choice in 2024"
What does that have to do with Israel's rejection of the U20 WC?
"Kadrun started to wash their hands they were the culprits of Israel's refusal to participate in the U20 World Cup. The matter of the nomination was finished. If not why wasn't it canceled yesterday?
I agree ma'am... last night I also told my friends that because of the Zionist country of Israel we failed to play in the U20 World Cup... really Sue is a Zionist country
"on the grounds that if Israel is playing in the U20 world cup in Indonesia it has violated the constitution but mixed sport with politics jancoookkkkk"
Cie Pekabe politicians reject Israel playing in Indonesia's U20 toilet while washing hands
and designed to frustrate Indonesia as the venue for the U20. but those who demonstrated against the Israeli national team were 'made' the scapegoats ... °°°••••°°°
FIFA cancels the U20 loan not because Israel is still due to an election tragedy. so Erick Tohir only plays on the Israeli issue to cover up the real cause
"Great statement from Mr. Ganjar regarding Israel in the U20 World Cup... try this statement after he is elected the correction will be for us to wait 5 years. If it's only 1 year now... but as usual politics is fluid we can just watch it ..."
"Are you satisfied? Who rejected the U20 World Cup because of Israel. You bastard then you have ancestors"
What I'm confused about israel's rejection and the cancellation of the FIFA World Cup U20 in Indonesia it was the demonstration that most hard-line Muslims MLH FPI joined the demonstration with 212. They said Islam is a religion that upholds peace but how come it harbors hatred. is it peaceful?
The buzzer that destroys Indonesian football starts framing Indonesia's cancellation as the home year for the U20 World Cup not because of the rejection of the Israeli national team but because of a proposed case
"Well the U20 national team can play because they are the host not because they have qualified so let's just say they didn't fail but the nation's pride still exists as an independent nation. Don't fail to focus on the core of the problem Israel Indonesia is only a victim"
The brain drain of trash humans who refuse Israel to play at U20 let alone be the host.
"what if. fifa cancels u20 in Indonesia because of the tragedy of kanjuran. and the issue of Israel's participation in u20 which was intentionally blown up. as soon as fifa cancels u20 the sounds that emerge are: 1. because ina rejected israel 2. should still accept 3. are you pro or vs israel recommendation?"
"Pretending to be a football fanatic defending U20 it turns out that he is originally a supporter of Israel's Zionists intolerant anti-Pancasila and UUD 45. Just move your frog brain to Israel. Hahaha."
"FIFA no longer believes in security in Indonesia. After the unfortunate Kanjuruhan tragedy calm down how come Israel's rejection appears. Yowes it's over... even if the U20 World Cup was held how would players from various countries especially Israel be afraid of being rejected"
Indonesia was appointed to host the U20 World Cup in 2019 and Israel qualified for 2022 so no one knows if Israel qualified because all participated in the preliminary please check again so the information is balanced
thanks boss.. because of your actions that were part of rejecting israel at the u20 world cup. Indonesia won't be the host... thanks for destroying the dreams of young Indonesian football talent. definitely you and I will not vote for the 2024 presidential election.
the kadrun kadrun trap is indeed so great that his political opponents fall into the trap. even though their group was the one who initially shouted loudly against Israel's presence at the u20 world cup which resulted in uproar.
he is silent because of his supporters who reject israel playing at u20. The reward was deliberately deflated hoping that the sound would move to him. I think Erick Thorhir could be an alternative for the presidential candidate
as for the fifa world cup sis u20 they also rejected the same as israel
"Indonesia is the host and that is the most fatal mistake! We did not take into account the possibility that the Israeli U20 national team would qualify!!! But we are sure that this is an almighty plan because none of this will happen without his permission who are we who can defy fate"
trying to understand conversations in cyberspace. FIFA cancels Indonesia as host of the U20 because PDIP and its 2 regional heads reject the presence of the Israeli national team? does that mean fifa listens to pdip more than pssi? meaning gi listens more to wk &amp; gp rather than et?!?
This is not necessarily anti-Israel in terms of infrastructure the readiness of the venue is indeed not ready to hold the U20 World Cup event
Indonesia's u20 world cup was dropped due to Israel's rejection &lt;×&gt; after the tragedy of the proposal &lt;√&gt; it's too late for the response. from october to march.
because jkowi has never endorsed the lady president so the u20 issue of the israel team should be rejected. in order to get caught up in the game of the political elite who are often nationalist......
"The risk of Twitter subscriptions so it increases the chances of people tweeting things like this. Who says rejecting Israel is a crime? We are disappointed that he is one of the few people who have the power to thwart this event. They (Israel) are under 20 years old football players. Players ball!"
this is due to protests and exaggerated statements about the israel national team which will take part in the u20 world cup full statement fifa cancels indonesia to host the u-20 world cup
kidding by rejecting israel you mean sir? remember we were appointed to host the u20 world cup long before the preliminaries. so I don't know who came in from the beginning. if you object it is an objection that is capricious and late.
"It's not going to be riotous it's just disturbing. The demonstrations are not clear. There is nothing to do with the Israel-Palestine war the same on U20"
oh... no one refuses the u20 world cup. I'm also very happy. Israel is confirmed to have escaped recently... while the Palestinian people are still being colonized. and fifa close their eyes. there are no sanctions for israel like there were sanctions for russia.
pimred &amp; uncle Margi said you weren't firm! other than saying israel doesn't matter! but these people want to be u20 but while insulting other nations sir! while roasting |
why is only u20 rejected?. Also reject everything that has an Israeli label on it.
"Because of this incident I don't even have sympathy for Palestine anymore... Palestine can still play football in the international arena still use coaches from Israel still compete in the Asian Cup what can Indonesia do? fuck you you guys who failed the U20 World Cup your dog all"
"For those of you opposition parties and opposite the government those of you who reject the Israel U20 National Team (for why independence) now you have new ammunition. Billions of rupiah state money has been ""lost"" it's useless to prepare for the U20 World Cup please blaspheme again"
"It's impossible because of the recommendation. Because Indonesia has become the host of the U20 after the competition took place. Then it was canceled because the governor of Bali Koster refused to be the venue for the draw of the match because Israel took part in the match"
"They say they accept infidels as legal guests who are apostates? wow. Even reading the Koran is still not true but hate speech is number one. Besides there are also many Israelis who are Muslims including the U20 national team players"
hah? The U20 World Cup in Indonesia was canceled because of a problem. Don't you want Israel? Oh sorry because of a handful of people who are ashamed of Indonesia. please don't mix religion and politics into sports. Palestine doesn't matter why are we making a fuss?
"Mas Gangar we are disappointed for whatever reason we should be able to refrain from making any comments or declarations about sports especially the presence of the Israeli team because Indonesia is hosting the world class U20. It's really true I Wayan Koster right Bali is not the territory of the Kadrun region."
"fifa doesn't want to bear the moral burden. what the world says at u20 it was carried out in a country that failed to deal with the biggest football tragedy in the modern digital era. !! fifa took the moment out and let +62 citizens debate about israel and palestine !! smart... "
"The government is not anticipatory they already know about the U20 World Cup and there is Israel. The fuss is ahead of the draw. Where have you been all this time?"
breaking news‼israel u20 football and national team being dragged into a political issue??
failed to host u20 due to kanjuran or israel tragedy? plotwist: because of the wind blowing tear gas into the stands
"The league is a mess right? I blame the wind for saying bad things it's just a waste of money it's really a failure here just tell FIFA to make u20 in Israel as well so that it becomes clearer that FIFA's politics = Jewish politics"
"Build dozens of stadiums... Pupr workers worked overtime in order to catch up to the U20 competition... Why wasn't it in July last year that they refused when the Israeli national team passed the qualifications"
"moso people"" the caliber of tvone station don't think.... where is the brain... the tragedy from october... how come fifa refused this month... when wasrael was beaten by refusal to play at u20. does anyone know? If Israel is participating in U20..."
"The anti-Israel demonstration came it was accepted until the U20 World Cup was cancelled. The demonstration for worship of other people's beliefs was escorted by the apparatus. Then when will the country be present for us? Israel has played at most 3 matches. They then returned to their hometown. It is also impossible to pass the group phase . why are you afraid? angry?"
"Father has disappointed me and tens of thousands of national team football fans thank you for your rejection of the Israeli national team in the U20 football world cup. I promise that if you run for president or vice president I will not choose you thank you Mr. Ganjar."
Come on football fans and the supporters are arguing those people who rejected the Israeli team in the u20 world cup are bastards.
"Far away watching the news on TV the point is that FIFA is offended by the governors of Bali and Central Java who have made a deal long ago to host the U20 World Cup h-14 even rejected Israel"
if i'm not mistaken mui also shouted against the israel u20 national team causing indonesia to be declared a failure to host the world cup
"My friends last night discussed the cancellation of Indonesia being the host of the U20 World Cup. The pros and cons because Israel-Palestine is the reason for Indonesian sovereignty. My question is if the jjal comes what will Indonesia's sovereignty be like"
"Salute to your lord one of the voices against Israel is the GP please do another survey bro do you want to see the electability of the GP soaring into the sky or not after Indonesia canceled hosting the FIFA U20 GP the next best president 2024"
actually what happened sis? To be honest I still don't understand that Indonesia was going to host the U20 World Cup but Indonesia refused to allow the Israeli team to play here and FIFA objected if Israel could not enter Indo? is that so? explain to me please I'm not a football fan
"There must be a reason and I'm sure the reason is that Israel doesn't want to play after all U20 players are also angry on social media because of Israel not because of the others"
"Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the WC U20 not because of Israel's rejection but because of the October 2022 tragedy. This is info update."
"It doesn't matter bro the Israeli football team and Pak Anies the cancellation of the U20 event because of the wind is a suspect.."
If you hate Israel and then sacrifice Indonesian football then it's good for us to understand this. Originally I wanted Maki2 because FIFA U20 was canceled in Indonesia. but instead of being dizzy in the end in the end religious matters are better off. njancuk
"unpopular opinion: ""the israel u20 national team is not in charge of palestine don't mix politics with football"" 1. the national team will be conscripted in the idf someday :). its job is opressed the palestinian with their own doctrine 2. fifa is a political organization. for example the russian ban decision."
"According to FIFA's media release... the removal of the U-20 World Cup hosts was due to the unprofessionalism of Indonesia and PSSI in handling the tragedy of the recommendation how come it was because of Israel's problems... the buzzer effect Sam and Sam?"
"Hopefully PDIP and PKS can collaborate in the 2024 presidential election just like in the rejection of the Israeli U20 team... Bravo PSSI keep up the spirit."
Marcelino ban from the national team because he was disappointed that Israel could not play in Indonesia at the U20 World Cup. Israel supporter athletes must be removed!
"Jokowi guarantees that Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup has nothing to do with the consistency and position of our foreign policy towards Palestine. Tolol Markus breaking news governor Iwan Caucasians Fifa Hokky U-20"
the failure of the U20 world cup in Indonesia fifa considers Indonesian politicians to be immature in dealing with Israel and an angry society easily provoked by persons who are less responsible it is a shame that they cannot distinguish between sportsmanship politicized sports and racism
"Read again yes those who banned Russia were the uefa confederation countries that did not want to compete with Russia that's what forced uefa and fifa to do nothing the conditions were different at U20 Indonesia alone banned Israel I swear the worst blunder"
indeed the right moment to play a drama where all attention is being focused on the u20 world cup. Rejection from the PDIP which previously was not concerned with Israel's problems so that Pak Erick Thorhir met directly with Gianni Infantino.
For the U20 Indonesian national team squad keep up the good work! your reward will be big in heaven someday... your dreams are dashed because of the great struggle of people who are persistent against Israel's oppression of Palestine...
"Don't forget.. when the Nachrawi priest was the Menpora he asked if he would be the host of the pildun.. and negotiated with FIFA. So he wasn't elected.. but asked to be the host.. and automatically entered without qualification. So from there the problem It's clear that Israel is in the U20"
"As for Israel as long as the government allows FIFA it won't cancel U20 in the Republic of Indonesia but the tragedy has indeed made the world of Indonesian football very dark it has even become a black record in the history of football in Indonesia but the wind is wrong so FIFA must ask the wind"
Even though the cancellation of U20 specifically FIFA did not mention Israel as the cause crimes against humanity must still be accounted for and must be resolved by those who committed them. the israel team's rejection is only cause and effect as well as the u20 cancellation
"the israel u20 team was refused ok to play in indonesia fifa canceled indonesia as the host of the u20 cup then who is the world happy with??"
"Let me understand that FIFA dares to cross out Russia in the playoffs at the 2022 world cup but does not dare to cross out Israel in the 3023 U20 world cup. The main reason is there is rejection."
"Indonesia failed to participate in the U20 World Cup Indonesian football is ostracized by the world Palestine does not get any benefits Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup now Israel feels more independent chuaakkk"
"But if yesterday's U20 World Cup is not postponed but still in 2021 there will be those who will also reject it if Israel still passes too"
"The reason why FIFA cancels Indonesia to host the U20 hasn't been reviewed in a straightforward thorough and sincere manner with the mainstream media in Indonesia really because of Israel or because of the tragedy right?"
"It means that Indonesia is gambling like that? If it's gambling it means that Indonesia has lost... Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup finals the host has been cancelled Israel continues to play wherever it will be held later."
You don't have to look for reasons to justify ridiculous actions and decisions that refuse Israeli U20 football players to take part in the U20 world championship...all just because of political interests and blind hatred. I'm sick of seeing you hypocrites. why not refuse from the start ???
"Actually after Covid19 devastated Bali's economy now it's the Koster virus' turn to wipe out the economic opportunities for the Balinese people by rejecting the Israeli team so that the U20 football event was finally canceled"
"between the u20 world cup israel and 2024…."
refuses israel u20 to play in indonesia
one of the reasons is to prohibit the israel national team from coming and taking part in the u20 world cup which was held in indonesia. As a result FIFA canceled and crossed out Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup. Is it true that only that or have other reasons that are not disclosed to the media?
"Do you hate Israel that much? Until you are willing to ban FIFA from Indonesia even though if you want to talk about your own ideology you are the one who stepped on it just say you don't like it because of religion"
"Congratulations Indonesian idiots!!!! It's only because of the Israel U20 team. It's a mistake it's only U20 and this is football braaaaay!!! You killed the dreams of the nation's children... your own nation's children!!!!! You idiot!!! I want a reason what grandpa the point is that there are children who you broke their hearts. Are you in your right mind??!!!!"
It seems that many of the people attacking Ganjar for disapproving of the Israeli U20 national team coming to Indonesia are the same people who will attack Ganjar or PDIP if the Israeli national team really comes.
"If Indonesia cancels the U20 World Cup title Gibran: K-pop lovers get ready to be sad how come you can mas Wali???"
"great israel just hearing the name has brought down Indonesia in pildun.. cool israel. that's just u20 israel not yet the father. how come you and your seniors come not only tearing it down but flattening everything... haahaa"
"""don't fail to focus: the source of the disease is Israel Indonesia is the victim"" 1/fifa has decided to cancel Indonesia from hosting the U20. For what reason? To defend Israel. But some Indonesians still close their eyes to this reality; instead blame the parties who reminded me to..."
"I also think like this if Indonesia is still the host and there are a lot of rejections against Israel it's possible that the U20 World Cup will be canceled (getting sanctions worse than this) or the Indonesian U20 World Cup will be the worst world cup. The fans often clash especially this is Israel"
"Once the cancellation is not related to the Israeli team but it looks like a tragedy of choice if this is the cause it means that the readiness and infrastructure of the Pd-U20 event stadium is the real problem... and there are scapegoats and the Israeli team's opponents who will be the target of shooting.."
"Sure maybe a lot of people are not aware of it by rejecting the Israeli national team we indirectly want to kick their national team from the U20 cup you know. Don't you think they are lobbying first so we can't even participate? You think they aren't angry kid? they want to be removed."
the public/listeners can have comments uncle but it's outrageous a leader Margi Syarif who says Israel isn't important but you want U20 to be! you and uncle are the same! |
"Actually it must have been because of Israel's refusal it was written in a statement it was a recommendation try to use logic if it was because of a recommendation... why did the drawing close to the U20 World Cup be revoked why not 1-2 months earlier. After a while the issue of identity will reveal how corrupt we are."
Israel is just a scapegoat. Maybe there are other reasons that make FIFA doubtful. Lha wong it's clear that it's a tragedy just blame the wind. maybe in terms of security it makes FIFA doubt the implementation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia..
There will be those who wash their hands from the cancellation of the Republic of Indonesia to host the PD-U20. even though before Israel passed the qualification there were already many Israeli athletes competing in Indonesia. but the mouths of the gub. Bali Ministry of Foreign Affairs none of them spoke out/rejected it.
"success!!! the u20 was canceled by fifa.... the people of Bali should be as happy as the governor.. hopefully bali will be more prosperous...... breaking news karma qatar iwan bule the governor of bali refuses israel to compete in bali entrepreneurs are disappointed"
smartest at saying fifa double standard! but pimred margisyarif is more of a double standard master! why? you can say on Israeli broadcasts it's not important but you want u20 to be! bidjii! |
So why is the U20 world cup cancelled??? because FIFA is afraid that there will be a 0.2 team or grgr boomers don't accept that there is an Israeli national team?
sir we are canceled to host the u20 world cup. Your wish has been fulfilled. Israel will not play in Indonesia. but he plays in another country. while Indonesia... just play tarkam. thank you sir greetings to your friend Mr. Governor of Bali. Thank You.
don't vote for presidential candidates from parties that caused the failure of the u20 national team to appear as host and failed to play at u20 especially those who rejected the israel national team so that the republic of indonesia failed to win the u-20 world cup
this is why the governor who rejects Israel can be said to be washing his hands. so that they are not completely blamed by netizens. The PSSI chairman lobbied the FIFA president so that the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was caused by a tragedy
"The lesson learned from Ina's revocation as U20 host turned out to be a matter of recommendation to be considered by FIFA which in public circulated about Israel the world paid the least attention to the world even though the results of the trial were unsatisfactory."
"Kill without touching.....let's laugh together. 1.) Rejection laughs because it succeeded in refusing Israel to play in Indo and even succeeded in destroying the Indo U20 national team. 1.) Anti-rejection laughs at the stupidity of rejectors. And Israel-Palestine too smile wins over you
for cs...kalen don't make hoaxes anymore Indonesia was canceled to host the u20 world cup because of rejection of israel..!!
"read it again lol. you said "" did I say it was canceled because of the recommendation?"" but your post led to the opinion that the u20 world cup was canceled because of the recommendation not because of the issue of Israel right now. if you don't lead opinion there won't be those who correct your bing"
Welcome the Israel U20 football team to Indonesia I hope you enjoy it
"... they believe in showing the best so they get nothing. Israel still plays in the U20 wc Palestine plays in the Asian Cup do we? Just sit in front of the TV while peeling seeds of sunflower seeds until our jaws ache. Already too much stroking the chest living in the country" konoha "this huh .."
shallow thinking about political parties and presidential candidates in 2024. please those who reject Israel in the u20 world cup don't vote again in 2024. destroying the hopes of the nation's children and bringing down the economy of the nation's children. wrap up why religion in order to destroy all the hopes of the nation's children and grandchildren.
I'm trying to get you to think! Does asking Israel or refusing Israel not to play at U20 result in Palestine being liberated?
With Israel's passage to the U20 World Cup my mind and heart were opened that what I had always thought would be the successor to Mr Joko Widodo in 2024 was just an empty illusion... not appropriate and appropriate it turns out
"Indonesia cancels being the host of the U20 surely those who refuse to let the Israeli national team go to heaven"
"Well... so it's definitely not because of the Israeli national team's rejection but the lack of transparency in resolving cases do you understand the u20 national team? You have to understand this!"
"the failure of the u20 world cup grand event instead inspired the nation's children to elevate the israel nation (israel has won morally over the nation). and instead insulted the nation itself"
Jokowi and PSSI must be honest with the people. It seems they are covering up that FIFA has an ultimatum about the recommendation. and the results are disappointing. israel's rejection reason is not the main reason for fifa canceling at u20 in indonesia.
"the price that Indonesia has to pay the opportunity for the u20 national team is lost while the israel u20 team continues to play in the u20 world cup...the regional leader's calculations are ridiculous and stupid!"
"Look again at Koster's statement and Israel's refusal to pay highlighting the effect of FIFA dislodging the host for the U20 World Cup"
The u20 world cup was canceled not because of rejecting Israel but because the committee still used bicycles behind the goal
"That's right..... don't don't say that you never mentioned endorsing the lady for the PDIP presidential candidate... then Ngambeq Simboke and the elite told them to reject the U20 Israel team from entering Indonesia...koster gp is a victim of the political appetites of the elite who are pro women.  . evil isn't it.."
"Please send me a message via this video sir... don't vote for Arabs either the problem is the boss supports Israel but there is no vote on the u20 issue..."
"To address it is not quite right if I prefer to be silent it is said that he is wrong but if it is said that he had a hand in it maybe there is because as a person who has power you have to suppress the people not say yes after all Israel passed the u20 world cup last year rejected this year
"tvone took part in destroying Garuda u20's dream it was from them that the propaganda of the Kadrun gang about Israel was exposed to the public and was eaten by retribution koster"
"This morning's mood was quite messy due to several facts Indonesia did not host the U20 Israel continued to play in the U20 World Cup and Palestine still slumped. Football should be a way of peace and a path of diplomacy but instead it has become a political tool for stupidity people."
"The 2023 U20 World Cup was canceled because the governor of Bali and Central Java rejected the Israeli U20 team... as long as regional leaders have a narrow understanding of world football PSSI and the Indonesian football community can only dream!"
"We canceled being the host and canceled everything but Israel can still play anywhere and anytime and the U20 team can't play so that's the stupid reasoning of people who reject Israel"
"Relax the medicine syrup for children has been declared safe. I'm not worried anymore. But now I'm moving to the U20 national team PSSI & FIFA I'm still excited. Why is it only now the ramen? That's what the Israeli national team rejected I don't know if before there was an israel athlete to indo. just read it"
It's better for you to repent that the U20 World Cup was canceled because Israel refused
the party that rejected u20 disappointed football fans. come on the PDIP elite should take responsibility for that hamka haq koster... who rejected the israel team. Where is the PDIP elite saying don't just sit idly by and talk about it... it's sad oh sad
"political issue. It happened after Israel qualified for WC u20. Just like Malaysia Indonesia has no diplomatic relations with Israel."
"Heee I'm glad that U20 failed to lead Margi! If the people who broadcast yesterday wanted U20 to succeed PMRED didn't say Israel is not important! Bidjiiii! !!| Omex"
"It's strange that the head of the Jokowi-supporting region refused so they were a bit suspicious in fact they already knew that FIFA canceled the U20 in Indonesia because the handler of the case was not serious. Then the drama was set for the rejection of Israel. Let's hope that's not the case."
"Analysis of /1 1/ the trend of discussion regarding the planned arrival of the Israeli U20 team received high attention at the end of the monitoring period because it was driven by the rejection of the Governor of Bali I Wayan Koster and the Governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo as well as President Jokowi's statement regarding…"
world cup u20 full time indonesia 0 - israel 2 own goal governor of central java .. governor of bali
"... yes I know that our country's relationship with Palestine is like a sibling and we are also a country that recognizes that Palestine is already independent but that doesn't have to bury our national team's dream of playing in WC U20 right? It's only because we allow Israel to play in WC. u20 is not brrt…”
"findings /2 8/ the acting (plt) minister of youth and sports (menpora) muhadjir effendy revealed that the government has submitted a number of prerequisites to the international football federation (fifa) regarding Israel's participation in the u20 world cup. muhadjir said…"
if Indonesia? Indonesia itself recognizes the "two-state solution" which means Indonesia recognizes the countries of Israel and Palestine which are both independent. not a "zero-sum game" President Jokowi emphasized again in his position statement regarding the FIFA World Cup U20
"examples of counter reporting 1/ • why figure: ganjar pranowo • group: governor of Central Java • quote: "I hope that steps will be taken to breakthrough together (the U-20 world cup) without Israel present" • motive: hope Israel won't take part in u20. • media:…”
The happiness of the Israeli team when they found out that the U20 World Cup was moved from Indonesia!
those who have brains are used to think.... the point is like this... when proposing to be the organizer of u20 why didn't you make a sound to refuse? why are you speaking out now to refuse... after all you already know that Israel is a U20 participant...
"It could be that Mr. Ganjar and Mr. Koster really refused Israel to really destroy the hopes of the Indonesian national team playing at WC U20. There is a possibility they both followed directions from the party it could be possible."
"imo this rejection of Israel is a trigger or trigger that makes FIFA cancel WC U20. Indonesia's position is already on the brink due to the Kanjuruhan tragedy uh there are more protests about Israel it's over. Just remember that FIFA is a ""unique"" organization. Sad and disappointed that's right"
"due to current circumstance yes it is clear because Indonesia cannot guarantee the safety of the Israeli U20 participants. The matter of the recommendation was explained at a different point regarding the PSSI transformation."
"What destroys the enthusiasm of the youth and even all of them are those who decide to reject the Republic of Indonesia to become the U20 World Cup. Those who are mentally ill are trapped by the trap of Kadrun terrorists masked by the destroyer of Religion who are fighting against the Israeli national team. (They are idiots & mentally ill I love Nkri )"
FIFA canceled the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia due to the rejection by the governor of Bali and the governor of Central Java for the participation of the Israel U20 team... it's sad for our football...
"This is so that our countries don't just fuss over each other because of Israel's rejection. The logic is that if you already know because of the tragedy it's impossible for FIFA to come for the due diligence come to several venues that will be the venues for the matches. And have taken photos 100 days leading up to the U20 World Cup. impossible"
After the cancellation of the U20 World Cup will Palestine become independent? No! even Israel is laughing haha ​​hihi laughing at Indonesia. think sir
"Maybe we agree that Israel is an colonial oppressive or whatever country. But in my opinion from my personal point of view the cancellation of India as host of the U20 World Cup and the dashed hopes of the U20 national team youth to play on the international stage of this magnitude is really disappointing.."
Indonesia is playing PDU20 Israel is playing PDU20 instead of encouraging/giving the spirit of the U20 team it's just making the U20 team proud
you forgot the u20 coach palestine israeli 9
"ganjar pranowo rejects israel in the u20 world cup he indirectly digs a grave for himself"
"Let's keep on polishing Pak Ganjar and PDIP so it doesn't look wrong. The updated news is that Israel is still competing in the U20 World Cup Palestine is still in a slump and Indonesia is banned. It's really a stupid move."
"Alhamdulillah... after the U20 World Cup was cancelled Indonesia was safe from the brutal scenario. And last night Israel withdrew from all Palestinian territories. Palestine is completely independent!"
the top 20 influencers of the pro-Israeli arrival account group criticized the attitude of the counter israel arrival group which is considered to often mix political interests and cause the possibility of canceling the u20 world cup event in Indonesia.
Hopefully with the cancellation of Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup by FIFA Palestine will soon be free from colonialism according to the hopes of opponents of the Israeli football team by religious drinkers here.
"sna cluster groups against the arrival of israel: • negative or contra • the government is called a traitor to the constitution. • reject the arrival of israel to the u20. • israel is called a war criminal. • amplification of said aqil i wayan koster and ganjar that israel rejects • top…"
"1. The cancellation of Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup politically will not benefit the PDIP. On the contrary it will have a negative impact. In my opinion the PDIP's open stance against the Israeli U20 national team playing in Indonesia is a blunder. There are 3 of my arguments as follows:"
"Palestine and Israel are clearly not affected by the cancellation of Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup. But do you realize that gentlemen who pretend to reject Israel that you have destroyed the dreams and opportunities of our own children who may never exist a second time."
No wonder you don't dare to give security guarantees to Israel for the U20 World Cup. this ring-1 alone can be broken like this. this is very dangerous.
No wonder you don't dare to give security guarantees to Israel for the U20 World Cup. this ring-1 alone can be broken like this. this is very dangerous.
Wow what do you mean sir when you refuse Israel to appear at the U20 World Cup which took place as host Indonesia why do you as the governor of Central Java have no sense of tolerance among fellow countries. You shouldn't mix politics with sports activities
"Yes... the government guarantees Israel can join U20 but FIFA doesn't believe that Indonesia can maintain the security and safety of the Israeli national team from the wrath of mass organizations Ganjar and the governor of Bali..."
so what is rejected is israel or u20???
"What actually caused the commotion was not there what happened was the Israeli national team's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup as raised by the governor of Bali and the governor of Central Java politicians from"
"FIFA rejected the U20 World Cup in Indonesia not because there is an Israeli national team it is possible among other things to fix the PSSI officials first many complaints about the families of the victims who died there is often a commotion between supporters which makes other teams afraid"
"Palestine is relaxed. The Palestinian coach is Israeli. The Israeli team has 3 Muslim people. We are easily ignited by things that if it's short each issue has never thought about the impact if it's over. I'm begging you I've been given to be the host. Oh I suddenly refused. It didn't happen. Host U20 is getting further away from hosting the World Cup."
emotion analysis joy: glad jokowi finally conveyed his attitude. anger: (1) anger at the Indonesian government which is seen as welcoming Israel to Indonesia; (2) criticized the attitude of the group against the arrival of the Israeli national team which resulted in the failure of the U20 to be held in Indonesia
Palestine continues to play in the Asian Cup. Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup. Indonesia which talks a lot gets banned and loses alone in a corner..
"What if there is intelligence information that someone will riot the U20 wc in Bali for example if there are people who don't like Israel come to Bali and make a scene there so that in the end the toilet that starts has to be canceled due to security issues? It's even more embarrassing right."
"First we got pranked by FIFA because it turned out that in writing off there was no clause for refusing the Israeli national team but about the recommendation secondly why should there be a drama canceling the U20 draw and the cak cak stadium too. Third Mr. Erick's choice of words about us having to submit to FIFA Uisine Lek "
Israel celebrates the cancellation of Indonesia hosting the U20 World Cup;
That's the real reason FIFA rejected the Israeli team to compete in the u20.
sir I have seen it on tiktok if there are complaints please report it sir. I report sir that the U20 World Cup has been canceled due to the governor's refusal sir. how come sir the bidding for 2019 Israel passed in 2022 how come you can just reject it now. Moreover Israel came here to play football sir not colonists
research question method: 1. how much is the rejection and support for the arrival of the israel u20 national team to Indonesia. 2. who are the most influential actors. 3. What topics are most raised. the data used is data for the period from 21 March 2023…
"what if yes if the u20 world cup takes place in Indonesia the israel team arrives and plays then it's chaotic because there is a move from thugs in white shirts and the demonstrators with beautiful numbers. than munich 1972 happened again how? can we imagine?"
"The most regrettable thing in my life is 1. you failed to compete in Indonesia because of a bomb 2. Indonesia failed or was canceled to host the 2023 U20 World Cup because Israel was rejected an award case etc."
"Israel is qualified to qualify for the U20 world cup FIFA corridor football let them play here. A more elegant way to criticize them right can be when they play Indonesian supporters who come can wave the Palestinian flag."
Emprit drone analysis: the arrival of the Israeli U20 team reporting and discussion on online media and social media 21 – 28 March 2023 &gt;&gt;
"It's sad to see I remember Gus Dur's words still like kindergarten children. They are not wise in distinguishing a problem. The profit and loss in issuing a statement. If a barrel of milk is damaged Israel can still compete in the U20 World Cup. We already got free tickets pass bite the finger."
-refuse Israel to compete in Indonesia -Palestinian ambassador does not mind Israel playing in Indonesia -Host status automatically revoked by Indonesia not participating in WC U20 -Israel continues to play in WC -Palestine continues to play in Asian Cup -Indonesian officials and citizens: are you clowning again or not?
1. Indonesia cancels hosting the U20 World Cup 2. Indonesia is disqualified from participating in the U20 World Cup 3. Indonesia is waiting for strict FIFA sanctions 4. Israel continues to participate in the U20 World Cup 5. Palestine continues to participate in the Asian Cup 6. Israel and Palestine are still fighting
"Keep going on with the Israel and Palestine U20 national team! Congratulations you lost one competitor. Even though the coach for the Palestine U20 national team is Israeli.. the commentator kept screaming ""who are we?"""
it is very difficult to hold a grand event like the u20 world cup in a country full of hypocrisy instead of wanting to defend Palestine.
this is the year of politics.... pdip is afraid of losing votes...rejects israel yusuf when instead looking for the downfall of israel supporters.... but jokowi is without the burden of continuing to hold the u20 world cup because he can't be a presidential candidate anymore.....keep going sir jokowi
"Brother Karno's mandate reach for your dreams as high as the sky but you have destroyed the dreams of your own nation's children to defend other countries which have also stated that it is okay for Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia cz this is not a political realm.."
"Israel won a landslide victory it was enough to remain silent -still participated in the U20 World Cup -beat the Indonesian national team without breaking a sweat. If PKS and its accomplice screamed there would be no reaction from FIFA. But this comes from politicians officials and the biggest parties as rulers. Weapons bhirawa anoraga"
Just relax Israel went up to the podium together with Datuk Azizulhasni in Jakarta that day. it's more about politics than the u20 wc case.
"So even though there is no objection to the Israeli team playing in Indonesia the U20 World Cup will not be held in Indonesia right?"
"It's ridiculous. Bali was only appointed as the location for the drawing in February. It means that after the tragedy the U20 World Cup is still safe on the track. It was only revoked yesterday after there were rumors of Israel's rejection."
"the same narrative was carried out by the WC pro who insisted on the cancellation of the WC U20 clashing with religion so the Israeli issue was prioritized even though the PSSI's advocacy and incompetence were the main factors dejavu and talk don't cheer up ina by supporters of Nganu Fifa Karma"
"Yesterday when the Kanjuran tragedy hit yesterday Indonesia would have been better off without football right? How come it's happening now. FIFA and PSSI have to be transparent I think. The U20 World Cup in the Republic of Indonesia was canceled because of what. Because of Israel what's the tragedy Kanjuruhan? "
"Unless all the countries that took part in the U20 event the majority rejected Israel's presence so it could be that Indonesia's antipathy was heard by FIFA like the attitude of the Uefa towards Russia but you know what Israel's power is like"
"2 groups that are trying to thwart the u20 world cup 1.pdip panganjar iwayan koster pks mass organizations banned hti fpi the reason for rejecting the israel national team 2.buzzerrp anies baswedan and the buzzer of the democratic party with the reason for the kanjuran tragedy"
"At the end of my tweet I'm excited about WC U20 after this tweet I don't want to nag anymore if the reason FIFA cancels Indon as a host is because of the reasons I agree (even though I'm sure it's because Israel rejected it) if it's true it means FIFA is really a double standard right when Russia banned it in the world yesterday's cups"
"2023 failed to dream of seeing the u20 world cup our younger siblings are excited +62 residents are also waiting for the event.... 2024 no pdip no pks no no wayan koster please those who want to vote for them will surely be disappointed in the future there will be no events only because Israel Palestine itself is not a problem"
"The cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia did not offend the Israel issue instead what was alluded to was the Kanjuran event this is the one most responsible for is the law enforcer because handling the case hurts the victim's family FIFA monitors how can so many victims die the punishment is not serious the suspect is wind"
"It's clear that the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia has nothing to do with political interests especially because of the GP's statement about the Israeli national team. hufft"
congrats sir your dream has come true in refusing to host the u20 world cup..don't make faces before the presidential election..come on this is a sport don't interfere with politics. The Palestinians don't refuse and the Palestinian trainers the Israelis don't have a problem
"Info please has Palestine thanked you for the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team to Indonesia?"
"complicated bro!! It's really a horse's eye for all of you who reject Israel mixing religion with politics in the U20 World Cup congratulations for succeeding in destroying the dreams of the nation's children."
"hadehhhh... what a joke you know hokk... where is there power to cancel the u20 world cup??? what's wrong with you....from the official fifa website there is no word of national team refusal israelwhich is being considered because of security considering the tragedy of the right..."
the president's letter to fifa he said asking for the u20 world cup without israel? yes definitely rejected... so sad
"sorry for the distance I mean it's not suitable God willing it will be placed for the purpose of defending Israel who wants to take part in the U20 World Cup regarding the 45 Constitution of our country we refuse because they are still colonizing Palestine don't you think it's inappropriate to ask Allah's permission for Israel to participate in the world cup"
"How come it's really not appropriate for Indonesia to host the World Cup even though it's U20 it's weird like that taking care of the league isn't good it's a tragedy yesterday right now I'm still laughing about hosting Pildun. Apart from the anti-Israel aspect it's only natural to cancel this as a host "
"Najwa said the wrong thing try to look in the mirror the people who spoke out against Israel also spoke up for the recommendation... it was the people who expressed the disappointment of the U20 team where was there a vote for the recommendation? haha... only 1 team compared to hundreds of lives lost."
Congratulations to Mr. I Wayan Koster and his friends who refused Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup your dream came true but you ruined the dream of the U20 nation's fighters to play as the host.. even though the Palestinian coaches are Israelis there is no problem
"Maybe that is actually the basis and reason for canceling Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup not a matter of the Israeli national team's rejection but tragedy and security factors"
it's really difficult to hold a grand event like the u20 world cup in a country full of hypocrisy..... instead of anti-israel defending palestine wong the coach of the palestine national team as well as israeli people are very proud of the hypocrites of this country
"respect with Israel's policy of refusing to take part in the FIFA World Cup U20 in Indonesia because for several reasons that might talk about self-esteem and some say that Israel is a terrorist country. It's okay but but..."
"FIFA's decision is unanimous Indonesia cancels hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup. FIFA assesses that there is a situation that cannot be continued. Is this FIFA's stance purely because of the vote against the arrival of the Israeli national team to Indonesia? or are there other elements"
"You know Indonesia yourself especially PSSI. To cover up PSSI's stupidity in preparing for the U20 World Cup yes make up the Israel issue deploy all of its accomplices. And Indonesian netizens also like to fight don't like to read especially short memories it's suitable if you get hit by PSSI. it fits"
"Israel has already passed the U20 World Cup from July 2022 got a place for being the runner up for the U19 Euros. If you want to refuse why not from yesterday??? Frying really makes it fast crispy the fritters are also a religious issue. I want humanity but the tragedy is to forget the recommendation just the same regime. or maybe…”
"clarification: Indonesia has canceled being the host of the FIFA Wordcup U20 2023 not because the Israeli team rejected the wrong two made by the 2 governors GP and IWK but the truth is because FIFA and Israel have sent intelligence to Indonesia. Dirt washing style buzzerp!!!"
"But in various news reports of FIFA the reason FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup was not because of Israel Palestine but because of the tragedy of the recommendation is it possible that PSSI and the government have known long ago that this would indeed be cancelled."
I'm sure those who proudly banned the Israeli national team from playing in the country of Wakanda certainly didn't know anything about FIFA and football with Koar2's capital and then fell down. without knowing what problems we will receive. I hope our U20 national team friends are mentally safe and always enthusiastic.
"The recommendation case is now being used by people who reject Israel as a scapegoat for the failure of the U20 World Cup to protect themselves from public anger the direction will be in that direction the same as Israel's recommendation is only used for their defense and a place to find face"
"actually to save face look for the right words ""the commitment of the Indonesian people to Palestinian independence from the Israeli occupation is undeniable and we are committed to that principle. And today we failed to host u20"" well branding like this should come to the fore "
Even more embarrassing the elimination of the host Indonesia did not even mention the clause regarding the refusal of the Israeli national team but about the recommendation. If it's like that why does there have to be a FIFA drama about the postponement of the U20 draw and the check on the stadium? are we pranked?
Israel continues to fight for Palestine the U20 World Cup continues as it should Indonesia? hahaha indonesia banned fifa from football 5 years 10 years we don't know
while Palestine is just... there is no problem with the Israel National Team at U20 but why is this country more Palestinian... then why are you defending against it..
"U20 national team players hope that the world cup will not be canceled in Indonesia due to the rejection of the Israeli national team which will compete in the world cup in May. However in the official FIFA release last night Indonesia was dropped from hosting the U20 world cup"
"It's great that those who refused this now let the consequences be felt. It's great for you of course FIFA canceled all of this because there was rejection everywhere and I was afraid that if it wasn't cancelled I'm sorry there was rioting due to Israel participating in the U20 World Cup Indonesian football."
"The essence of the problem is that Indonesia cannot guarantee the safety of the U20 WC participants fearing that the Kanjuruhan tragedy will repeat itself especially now that it is trending where many people refuse Israel's arrival."
because of israel we are fighting for and against. even though they should unite against Israel's wishes. Israel's wish is to move the U20 World Cup event so that it is not in Indonesia.
Indeed the Israeli U20 team was invited by Indonesia to come. strange and magical....
Aren't you too hypocritical??? cheating can be held in Bali and the Israeli flag is flying... how come you reject this u20 world cup sport...just because Israel is playing...??? What is the difference?? Indonesia grieves
"the U20 Israeli national team must be rejected but Israel's American boss is accepted.. hahaha.. really funny"
"What's happening right now I'm sure has nothing to do with the Kanjuruhan tragedy. Don't want to be directed there. This is because there is a group that doesn't want Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup to be used as a tool to hit them in next year's elections as happened in the local elections dki. that's all."
Indonesia's attitude is clear through President Jokowi that Israeli athletes can take part in sporting events and their safety is guaranteed. Is it because politicians talk that the u20 world cup is canceled?
I know that you are actually proud to say that the reward was wrong/a blunder for his statement about Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup. You want to make up any narrative to build confidence in the rewards is also useless den.
you succeeded in rejecting israel lapis with u20.. also reject me and football lovers to vote for you..
Ketum PSSI Erick Thorhir has tried his best for the sake of the nation's children at the U20 FIFA sanction ready to bury the dream of the Indonesian national team which cannot compete in any world events because a handful of unscrupulous regional heads rejected the Israeli national team even though I am not a football player disappointed
Maybe this reward wanted to attract public sympathy with Israel's rejection at the U20 World Cup for his candidacy in 2024 later but instead it made a blunder
"Those who said FIFA canceled Indonesia to host WC U20 because of ""the tragedy of the recommendation"" only people who want to wash their hands because they have rejected the Israeli U20 national team... in simple language ""it was canceled because of the tragedy right not about Israel yes"".. don't want to be blamed."
"Whatever the reasons FIFA gave for dropping Indonesia the world public has only known that Indonesia was canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup because it rejected Israel."
"Why are you just talking about this now? even though when the bidding took place there were no comments like this comments on the rejection of the u20 world cup oh yeah there is Israel try if Israel doesn't qualify where are there words like this hiya hiya hiya"
"It's hilarious Luh Tong the Indonesian U20 World Cup is a stepping stone for Indonesia for the nation's children for Indonesian football talent to be more eyed by foreign clubs. Now with the rejection is Palestine already independent? Has Israel not been invited to the U20 tournament?"
"The trap of the opposition cadres managed to fool the opponent because they initially rejected Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup which resulted in FIFA canceling it. This all happened because of the accumulated uproar effect that occurred as a result of the issue of Israel's rejection of participation in the U20 World Cup."
"65 years later this failure was repeated in different age groups however allegedly for the same reasons. FIFA revoked Indonesia's status as host of the U20 World Cup following the chaotic rejection of Israel from several parties."
ohh...the cancellation of the u20 by fifa was because of the kanjuruhan event...not because of the rejection of the israel team by the Indonesian people.
logical analysis of Indonesia's failure to host the u20 world cup is true because there was rejection of the israel national team by some elements of society but the pinnacle factor of fifa being finally banned from indonesia was the official letter from the governor of bali to the ministry of youth and sports over his objection to accepting the israel national team in bali
We the Republic of Indonesia do not reject Team Israel playing in Indonesia. But if FIFA decides that Indonesia is revoked from hosting the U20 Cup that's fine (the Republic of Indonesia won't be the end of the world) and as long as the Republic of Indonesia remains intact it's okay.
"Alhamdulillah we are grateful for the failure of U20 the essence is not because of Israel's rejection of the Zionists but rather the football situation in Indonesia which was so cruel the loss of the lives of 134 children of the nation without anyone being held responsible."
So why aren't the people who reject Israel as loud/enthusiastic about defending the Kanjuruhan victims? Why is it that on the 2nd month of the U20 world cup event it was so crowded that they refused the world cup
"It means that the Israeli team's refusal was just a trick so that the nomination tragedy is not considered the reason why the U20 World Cup was not held in Indonesia"
"Well how is Sanusi's brain? Can you write down the reason for Indonesian bodies rejecting Israel? Later FIFA will be subject to double standards because FIFA is banned by Russia. And if it's because of an order since yesterday it was canceled by the FIFA U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Then wind? what wind? your avatar?"
"Fifa's momentum is right. This is what we have been waiting for a long time. The 135+ suggestion that is the scourge of canceling WC-U20 doesn't happen. this is cool for defense
"Making this momentum to attack personally is very unwise in my opinion. It is clear that there are many points that were the reason for the cancellation of U20 by FIFA not because of the rejection of the Israeli national team by Pak Ganjar"
"This one discusses employee holidays/leave that one discusses Israel the one that discusses FIFA and WC-U20.. heuh the more the wa group comes here the more knowledge wkwk"
"If you see the news from FIFA it's not because of the Israeli team but because of the handling of the October 2022 tragedy. It means that this is the government's fault for not taking this tragedy seriously. It's clear that FIFA is afraid that the incident will repeat itself at the WC U20 event."
"Speak out loud about why the UUD 45 rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup which resulted in the revoking of Indonesia's status as the host. Where were you when minorities were persecuted during worship building places of worship were rejected while that was also a mandate from UUD 45."
it's not about the presence of the israel team that thwarted the u20 world cup title. but as a result of blaming the wind which resulted in 135 victims dying in the kanjuruhan tragedy. got it. Indonesian people may be easy for you to deceive. but not with fifa.
I received information that the cancellation of Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup... is not an Israeli issue. Precisely because of the matter of the *tragedy of recommendation*. he said he had received a light sanction before... in fact the settlement of the case was not even considered serious. Is that true?
Sports is the business of the Minister of Sports not the President. FIFA's rejection of host Indonesia U20 was not due to Israel's U20 rejection but because of the effects of the proposed case.
I'm happy and not happy that the U20 World Cup has been canceled in Indo. it's not suitable for Indonesia to be the host of such a big event. Wind alone becomes a convict of the Kanjuruhan tragedy. Yes it's only natural that FIFA doubts Indonesia's credibility in holding this world cup. Israel's problem is only the last trigger for FIFA
"Is the recommendation for an attempt to cancel the U20 but Gatot killed 135 people. Let's check the enthusiasm of the Menpora first I hope FIFA doesn't cancel the U20. Continue to make new issues about Israel?"
"My question is why aren't Palestine anti-Indonesians like Indonesia? The U20 Palestine football coach will take place in Indonesia but it won't happen with... it's from Israel. For example Palestinians say it has nothing to do with football and religious politics so Indonesian how is this
football observers demand apology from opponents of the israel national team at the 2023 u20 world cup
"You all need to know ladies and gentlemen brothers and sisters friends from across the country... this is not an Israeli problem this is because the operational money from being corrupted is running out so now many are idle in preparation for the U20 World Cup... so there is a lot of talk about Israel  gosh"
e blog research o sek gallo banner e pating tlecek ning in reject israel wc-u20
"Case: tragedy claims 135 people died perpetrator: case handling corporation: Fifa mble came to PSSI's mainstay move: the lobby was still in a mournful mood the FIFA chairman was invited to play fun football goal: so that the status of hosting the U20 World Cup would not be cancelled. case: rejection of the israel national team… "
"God willing it means with Allah's permission if above it is called ""God willing the U20 World Cup will remain in Indonesia"" means hoping that Allah will spy on the U20 World Cup to still be held it doesn't connect anyway we refuse Israel to enter why do we ask Allah's permission and it's not true right? so be it"
OK the main issue from me: FIFA policies can be influenced by political matters. Israel's refusal sentiment could be the basis for canceling Indonesia to host U20. Regarding the tragedy of the recommendation based on the release FIFA will actually provide assistance for repairs in collaboration with the Indonesian government and PSSI.
I'm so apathetic towards Mr. Ganjar who refused to accept Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup. I'm still nervous that if I become a future leader Indonesia is a big country why doesn't Palestine have any objections?
"Since that exact incident FIFA must have thought about the safety of the team competing in WC U20 later. Added to this is the Israeli team's rejection and Indonesia's lack of commitment to improving its stadium infrastructure as evidenced by this"
related to the human tragedy of Israel - Palestine with U20 children who just want to play football? noh when humanitarian agencies use up humanitarian money they just stay quiet and don't scream like this.
why are you all like that? Please check the video to discuss the relationship between Israel and Palestine. The Palestinian team was blocked by Israel. It is because of the wind that FIFA cannot sell the U20 World Cup. If Indonesia has a lot of football there is a political side. Maybe you should improve your literacy before making a statement.
"It is very ironic the impact of the Israeli team's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. With Indonesia being canceled as the host what happened was that the Israel U20 national team would still play; what was omitted was the Indonesian U20 national team."
"flooded with support prettt...supporting U20 was canceled in Indonesia why: 1. divided unity the Israeli Zionist team has many pros and cons. 2. football is not safe in Indonesia remember the incident of kanjuran killing hundreds of lives without anyone being held responsible ."
"Pak Ganjar you are immature in politics you are compromised by party friends with the statement against the Israel U20 national team. You tried to take the hearts of some of the other groups but you injured some of your supporters & some of the Indonesian people. You will lose big in 2024. Don't dream be president."
"There was nothing about Israel in the cancellation of Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup. Instead there was the matter of the proposed tragedy as the reason for the cancellation. Hundreds died the settlement of the case went wrong"
"Everyone don't go into debate it's the fault of the national teams of European countries how come they are so weak that no one can hold back/beat the Israeli national team so they don't qualify for the U20 World Cup."
"Gangar's buzzer is now really working because he has to report on the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia which is connected with Israel's rejection by Ganjar..mumeet them...good job Ganjar buzzers...anies and prabowo buzzers are sitting pretty can you join in bullying reward.."
"dih pihim bihisi british really!! arguments like this are simultaneously carried out by Sahal ukipsi and their gang because they are insistent on canceling the u20 world cup in ina the main factor is because israel's refusal to let religious issues abound"
"In the previous case if I'm not mistaken it's dual nationality in this case the competition should have been held in 2021 then it was canceled and shifted to 2023 due to Covid. In 2022 Israel U20 won the European Championship runner-up and qualified for the 2023 WC. If you follow the 2021 calendar Israel doesn't qualify. "
Indonesia's cancellation as the u20 host was not because of Israeli affairs but because of the tragedy that was handled wrongly you buzzers diverting the issue
"Are you aware the people who rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup their arguments are stupid stupid?"
"Although I don't know there is still a statute. I can't decide right away. After all when Indonesia is announced as the host country in 2019 Israel has yet to officially qualify for the U20 World Cup. If it's the governor's problem they have agreed to be the host. "
"I'm confused about the WC U20 problem. Between wanting to see Indonesia at the world cup and fearing that if Israel plays in Indonesia the security will not be good the sanctions will get worse. Because you want to be accepted too you're not sure on the field it will be safe if Israel plays ."
"Yapp... the cancellation of being the host is also quite a severe sanction. Palestine continues to play Asian match football Israel also plays in the U20 match and Indonesia continues to play in the rest of the fast (especially for believers)."
israel baiverikihgen u20 world beyhvumah indonesia in dhekolhuhadhaifi!
"This is the craziest problem the rejection of the Israeli national team which led to the cancelation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. How could it not be ridiculous the opposing sides suddenly joined forces and the opposing sides broke up. For example: Jokowi became against PDIP PDIP instead agreed PKS -212 freaks!"
"&gt; Indonesia hosted the U20 World Cup > there was an Israeli national team > the governors of Bali Central Java and friends protested/banned Israel from appearing &gt; FIFA canceled the world cup in Indonesia > instead of rewards and friends protested by the public"
Mbah Mbok made a billboard for people's education so that the people of Wakanda outside of Twitter know that the failure of the U20 World Cup was not due to the superiors of the 2 governors who refused Israel's arrival. but the land of Wakanda is far from justice and no humanity
"it's true don't wake up and remember adixs² fwc-u20 you really don't deserve it and in fact Israel is more worthy ... remember that don't just hate Israel but hate all the atrocities of football hajajjaahahahwkwkwkkw"
"hosting cancelled. Israel continues to play in the U20 world cup Indonesia becomes a spectator"
"So don't make wild assumptions because of Israel's rejection later FIFA will release an assessment of stadium safety & security yes FIFA will not want the 2nd competition to take place at the U20 event and the Israeli party will increase the security risk itself"
"Those of you who don't understand that the reason for the cancelation of the proposal must have been long ago this is just the FIFA website. Last week we still managed to upload the official WC U20 soundtrack. FIFA cannot possibly want to mention the Israeli case because surely they have become the target of bullying because of their double standard treatment"
If those who know football know the difference between the play-offs and that they haven't entered the WC event there is still a chance for Russia to lose and not qualify to become the 2022 Qatar World Cup winner while Israel with all their hard work and skills has already passed to become a participant in the U20 World Cup Indonesia
"FIFA's decision stated that the U20 World Cup would not officially be held in Indonesia. There was no mention of Israel but instead what was called the October 2022 tragedy (kanjuruhan tragedy)."
"Ide in Bali where the participants are clearly political people who are responsible can stop the conflict it goes smoothly the last info is that Israel invited the Ipu not Indonesia because we are only holding an event it's no different from WC U20"
in FIFA's statement regarding the revocation of the WC U20 host it still maintains why Indonesia is good you know. Just imagine if FIFA in the statement mentioned the country of Israel. Anjirr can't imagine that it will immediately become an international issue because Indonesia's rejection of Israel is grgr nganu
"I'm lazy to think about Indonesian football I'm annoyed even though being the host of the U20 World Cup is a rare opportunity. But there are people who reject Israel only at football events. In badminton and other sports there are no rejections."
I hope the israel u20 national team will become world champions
what do you mean sis -&gt; FIFA doesn't want any more tragedies like the Kanjuruhan tragedy as a result of Israel playing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because of some rejection of Israel in Indonesia.
Ketum PSSI Erick Thorhir has tried his best to realize the hopes of the national team to compete in the U20 FIFA sanctions haunt the Indonesian national team unable to compete in any international events because of the stupidity of people who reject the Israeli national team I'm disappointed !!!
"What's interesting about the timeline for me the people who were critical of the recommendation were many who were angry when the U20 was cancelled then blamed the people who refused the Israeli team's arrival."
"even though Palestine and Israel played in the U20 world cup people of gwobloq are eating dogma"
"the Indonesian national team was removed from the u20 world cup stage the israel national team continues to play in the u20 world cup kadrun and hordes of religious maniacs laugh out loud"
I'm sure it's okay even if the girlfriends of the Israeli u20 players come it's exciting
"The fuss over the pros and cons of justification about the affairs of the Israeli U20 player team if you think simply the Israeli team came just to play football.. The thinking is so narrow that you don't even think about the progress of the generation of Indonesian football on the world stage.. politics makes people stupid.."
"Additionally talking about the meme above. This is proof of the consequences of the cancellation of the FWC U20 in Indonesia. Many people used to sympathize with the endless war between Palestine and Israel and surely now more and more people don't want to care maybe even lost respect because their own country has been sacrificed."
"Duhhhh... is it true that Indonesia has canceled hosting the U20 World Cup because Israel refused? They've already passed long ago why is there so much fuss lately? Is there a rock behind the shrimp?"
more agree that the u20 world cup is canceled in indonesia just because we indonesian people refuse israel zionist to fight. if necessary you don't need to take part in the world cup if Israel still participates....
"People in Indonesia defend Palestine in a way to reject Israel in U20. The Palestinian ambassador said that if you don't mix sports and politics (Israel can participate) what are we doing? We are 'defending' no matter what. Why are you so busy? chuakz. unemployed."
The reason for refusing the U20 World Cup is a tragedy right? Read the red line Israel brought along. sono playing marbles
- Canceled hosting a World Cup class event - Canceled competing in the World Cup - Israel continues to compete - Fifa sanctions await - Hard to hold international events - U20 national team brothers can only lament - Not trusted to hold big events - Cost loss - etc.
want to spill the scenario behind the statement of the refusal of the israel national team to play in the u20 toilet afraid that there will be meatballs passing in front of the house
And that's what I think is why a nationalist and anti-racist Ganjar Pranowo still refuses the Israeli U20 team to come to Indonesia. i agree with him...
"It turns out that there wasn't any because of Israel's refusal in FIFA's letter... instead the suggestion was the reason maybe FIFA is worried that if there is an incident like an offer in the U20 Piddun then everyone will get off their hands and the suspect is just a wind"
"Actually there's no need to blame the figures who rejected the Israeli national team Wong FIFA explained that the cancellation was due to readiness and the recommendation case. So just blame the ""wind"" on the kanjuran tragedy. Maybe FIFA is afraid there will be another ""wind" which will cause the tragedy to repeat itself after the u20 world cup
"If the U20 World Cup is canceled in Indonesia then FIFA must also be fair to America and Israel. America which will host the 2026 World Cup has unilaterally attacked Iraq Afghanistan and is now still occupying Syria while stealing its oil."
"If you want Israel to play in the U20 World Cup how can you be blocked by psywar let's make you mental when you play swear but don't bomb things give a banner that says "israel the killer" how to play football like that no even a protest demonstration in Bandaharan hi with monas..
reject Israel's onslaught of playing in Indonesia. the host of the u20 world cup was revoked by fifa on the grounds of the october tragedy. press cemente dong ra janjane!ngono how come jare is practicing Pancasila. please 2nd please mbe please 5th kae hlo woconen blogs too much!!!!
"If the reason for the failure of the U20 national team is because of the recommendation can Indonesia finish this case? If it fails??? zonk is nil. Israel will still win."
"Brother Messi please if you say he's the best player just tell the FIFA U20 World Cup in Indonesia the president is neutral welcome Israel here"
"Yes if it's because of the recommendation the WC-U20 should have been canceled yesterday after the announcement. It's not even going it's still continuing. Even the FIFA president has fun football here. The cancellation was after the Israeli issue was busy but FIFA is ashamed to be ashamed of cats calling Israel's grgr."
Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup not because it refused the arrival of the Israeli national team. due to the October 2022 tragedy. Don't be lazy to read!
"This is sport bro it has nothing to do with politics at all don't mix it up Israel has full rights to participate in the U20 World Cup Indonesia should have before nominating think carefully everything is possible any country can be a participant in the cup u20 world"
"The people who rejected Israel's U20 World Cup in Indonesia are idiots Indonesia is only the host of suu sing the event ki fifa blokkk grandma being rejected yo fifa is easy all you have to do is change the host."
"I'm a bit suspicious... Chaplin who usually cooks a stove suddenly softened about the Israeli U20 national team... what a mess"
"Thank God Indonesia did not host the U20 World Cup. Instead of the Israeli team coming you cannot justify any means to achieve something that is not certain to be achieved. Thank you Mui thank you Governor of Bali thank you Rewards etc. who have refused the Israeli team's arrival"
"sahabatalaqsha: the u20 world cup rt was not officially held in Indonesia. there was no mention of Israel instead what is called the october 2022 tragedy (kanjuruhan)."
"Supporting Palestine is hostile to Israel Palestine is still an Israeli colony the loss of U20 football being canceled in Indonesia shattered the hopes of workers and football fans. Responding to workers and football fans in Indonesia PKS is a member of the PDIP Kadrunya"
Indonesia refuses the arrival of the Israeli U20 football team.... the country still colonizes the filth of stepping on Indonesia's homeland....
"It's just a multiplication of issues Grandma the real issue is that the committee and venue are not ready to hold the WC U20 event. That's why the Israel issue was raised..."
congratulations and success sir your wish has been fulfilled so that Israel cannot play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. what is certain is that I am against choosing you including the PDIP. thank you sir for always going forward and doing for the people.
"Because a handful of people refused to win the Israeli national team. Even though Indonesia is the host of the U20 World Cup automatically any national team will come including Israel. Finally FIFA canceled Indonesia from becoming the host."
For some reason I'm really happy that the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indo. it's so stupid that Israel wants to come or not. This is purely happy because of PSSI's karma towards the victims of the recommendation case.
"That's right ..... don't don't say that you never mentioned endorsmet to the lady for the PDIP presidential candidate...then Ngambeq Simboke and the elite told to reject the U20 Israel team from entering Indonesia...GP Koster is just a victim of the lust of the PDIP pro ladies. . evil isn't it..politics"
"Whatever the reason the words of bureaucrats and bastard politicians regarding the rejection of the Israel U20 National Team have become a stimulus that cannot be deceived. So who wants to be trusted now?
"It is possible that this is the result of an agreement between PSSI and FIFA FIFA cannot accept PSSI's proposal regarding Israel at the U20 World Cup the implementation in Indonesia was canceled but the reason for the cancellation was used which was more acceptable to all FIFA members"
"What do you think... you succeeded in banning/rejecting Israel to Indonesia and destroying the dreams of the young people in that comment and Israel still plays in the U20 WC. You are happy now cadres. 2024 I have promised to you that I will not back again"
"what invaded the child"" israel's u20 ball? they were not wrong what was wrong was the previous person who caused the error to stick to the child"" israel until the end of time."
"It was extraordinary that the rejection by Mr. Koster and other figures was heard by FIFA finally FIFA banned Israel from playing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia in 2023 even more extraordinary when all participants were banned from playing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
"Yeah awoh.. poor Erick Tohir... indeed there are no morals for the PDIP reward and koster just for the sake of popularity they are anti-Israeli... sorry for u20 kids"
are you sure they have sent a letter of refusal so that israel is not allowed to play in the u20 world cup to fifa???
"Already spent the budget to build the u20 world cup venues. Long term tc then canceled due to current conditions where the political elite rejects Israel until the president intervenes are you satisfied?"
reject the israel u20 team to indonesia
"No one has thought of anything there is an elegant way of dealing with Israel at the U20 World Cup. By allowing a full stadium to play and unfurling the Palestinian flag. can"
"fifa has decided due to the current circumstances yes because of Israel's refusal is also fifa's statement to cancel fifa u20 in Indonesia"
"If I'm neutral because the Jewish nation will still exist until the Dajjal appears until the end of time"
"I support an independent Palestine but when you chuckle rejecting the Israeli national team to take part in the u20 world cup will that be able to liberate Palestine? or is it just a moment of euphoria? Do you know if the effect when Israel was removed from the u20 is bigger surely he will bomb again ."
"Well it's definitely canceled for U20 Indo it's weird it's bad because it's only because they reject Israel lol"
"Yes sir you are happy because your old age is guaranteed by the state. For the lower class who are sports players who guarantee it sir? You participate in stand-up comedy and keep talking about the rejection of the Israeli U20 team I think it's also funny to make the public laugh."
The point here is that the majority of Uefa countries reject Russia... it is only Indonesia who refuses to let Israel play in the U20 World Cup. even the Palestinian representative didn't refuse... how could FIFA want to ban Israel.
uh...? israel sympathizers mengkadrun israel team repeller at u20? so the modalin and initiator of the term kadrun isn't pdip anyway? Oops... I've been wrong all this time then...
"bang o bang obviously fifa already wants to do the drawing for u20 and the fifa legates went straight home when the governor of bali pak ganjar etc. refused israel to come to indonesia because of israel's refusal why didn't they just cancel it from the start"
"Obviously back to the party's/each agenda. In fact I'm sure there are many who are concerned about them because they reject the arrival of Israel increase their electability for next year. Well the future for u20 children is still long not as much money as politicians age the productive athlete is not much."
those most responsible for the failure to host u20 are 1. the ruling party pdip. rejected israel 2. government....pdip..failed to convince fifa 3. governor of bali..pdip people- rejected israel 4. governor of central java..pdip people- rejected israel 5. gajar - presidential candidate denny and friends explain
why don't you just keep quiet the U20 World Cup Israel hasn't come. we are ready to be sanctioned by fifa we don't want to be responsible woiii how come you're silent why are you leaving woiii!!!
"""due to the current circumstances"" especially if it's not the rejection of the visit of the israel u20 national team"
"FIFA cancels the U20 World Cup in Indonesia - the Israeli effect. Yes every year there is a terrible tragedy of Zionist atrocities usually before Eid al-Fitr or the month of Ramadan. Today it happened... not Gaza but the dream of young Indonesians."
"when did the netizens say that we rejected Israel for Palestine now when the u20 world cup is officially canceled fifa even blames it"
"Actually the 22 clearly made reasons for Indonesia's failure to host the 2023 U20 World Cup 1. Israel's refusal is indeed one of the main causes. 2. Bringing up last year's tragedy because FIFA also thinks about its safety if it continues "
"You know the constitution isn't history? Israel was declared to have passed the U20 World Cup in June 2022 how come there wasn't an uproar from there? Why is it only now? They are practicing they are fighting so naturally they are hurt. After all the Palestinian embassy is normal."
"Wkwkw I want to ask you 1. Where were you when the Israeli parliamentary delegation met with the DPR in Bali on March 24 2. Do you know the World Beach Games 2023 is one of the participants as well as Israeli athletes 3. Do you know the Palestinian ambassador's statement about the national team? u20 israel"
"It took a long time because of the tragedy of the recommendation but in fact we all know what it's because of? OK that's right Israel's rejection. If there weren't as many protests as the past 5-6 months about the U20 World Cup in 2 months this country can become the host. Satisfied you see like this huh?"
"Yes maybe the Israeli issue also exists I'm afraid that the people who have been affected by this issue will take action which might disrupt the road safety of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. The political situation is also not conducive ahead of 2024"
"Seeing U20 football in Indonesia which was canceled by FIFA because of last year's tragedy it's also sad. The rejection was also from many mass organizations and 2 governors namely the governor of Central Java and the governor of Bali." "President Soekarno we refuse Israel to visit Indonesia if they still colonize Palestine ."""
"Essentially they canceled because of security issues Indonesia cannot guarantee the comfort and safety of the U20 World Cup participants let alone the country of Israel. I hope the people who were noisy yesterday made me cancel and take responsibility by apologizing to the public"
"You may disagree with Israel's presence although the truth is still debatable but you are proud that this repeal is barbaric because it concerns the lives of the thousands of people involved in the frenzy of national football as a result of the revocation of the U20 World Cup."
Is the kitchen appliance noisy in Israel or Palestine or FIFA? ok! u20 consistency
"The question is why haven't I heard or read statements from religious leaders other than Islam regarding Israel's refusal to play in Indonesia?
"Don't forget also disband the groups of rubbish supporters who can only riot. Apart from referees most of the supporters are from the village. If the U20 World Cup happens the Israeli team bus will definitely be overturned before reaching the stadium."
"Even though FIFA didn't mention Israel the culprits for Indonesia's failure to host PKLDUN U20 were and Wayan Koster."
"Although in my opinion the u20 world cup is not very important not seniors but it's stupid that the incident changed hosts h-2 months which was triggered one of them because there were some parties who rejected Israel."
"The initial trigger was the rejection of several mass organizations recently. Then before the draw in Bali Wayan Koster sent a letter to PSSI and FIFA so that they don't go to Bali. This dynamic was followed by parliament and Ganjar who asked U20 to continue but without Israel. Erick was confused not playing. "
"It's also a good idea to cancel if you play WC U20 in Indonesia then there's news that the Israeli national team is coming wow you can have demonstrations and things you don't want to happen"
I have a feeling that the early pot of Jan E Wong the Wes Federation understands that the status of hosting the Wes U20 World Cup has been revoked since Israel's rejection. The purpose of the chairman of the chairman lobbying FIFA is nothing more and not for FIFA press releases to the media so that there are no reasons for refusal of other countries to compete.
"But I agree more if the U20 World Cup stays in Indonesia. Israel can still play Indonesians can't. Wkwkwkwk"
"israel banned by bung karno pdip pssi u20 who lost..."
They don't think that rejecting the Israeli team is the same as rejecting the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. now the goal has been achieved. be satisfied.
pretending to refuse even though in the end it was originally just wanting to embezzle money the donations could enter the world cup right through the host line... pretentious
"Pan and democrat too some of the cadres have tweeted against the Israeli U20 National Team coming to Indonesia."
what does religion have to do with the world cup bro messi? The latest news is that Palestine is fine if Israel is participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
here we have to be one-sided on the Indonesian side canceling the U20 world cup and on our side as Palestinian brothers recognizing that Palestine is a country that was destroyed by the Zionists of Israel.
"Rejecting Israel is not a matter of heaven and hell. Holding the U20 World Cup is purely to protect national pride and international trust so Egypt Turkey Saudi Arabia are doing it"
"Israel has already passed the Indonesian U20 World Cup from July 2022 why are desert camels only making a fuss about D-2 months"
"On the other hand we can be elated our wish to ban the Israeli national team from Indonesia was not realized only on the other hand we canceled the ifen which was very extraordinary because the preparations were very thorough so it was useless so did the u20 kt national team failed to appear ."
"What do you think you can still relax playing in the Asian Cup in 2024 what's more the Zionists can still play in the U20 World Cup. Meanwhile Indonesia? You are at risk of being banned.. You can hate Israel even if you have to use your brain too"
the main and official reason is from FIFA canceling Indonesia to host WC U20 what is it? That's right because there was a regional head's rejection of Israel or what?
"What is clear is that there is no Israel in this FIFA release..Israel is just an issue because indeed there have been indications of being canceled for the sake of being the host..how come Israel happens to be a participant in the U20 World Cup so 'politics interferes in sports' for the sake of votes.. "
"Profile of the Governor of Bali I Wayan Koster who refused to allow the Israeli National Team to participate in the U20 World Cup"
"It really hurts Indonesia's failure to host the U20 World Cup is only a matter for the Israeli national team. It's really complicated for people even though it's only a football matter. You just have to beat the national team on the gridiron if you don't like it."
"Apart from the Governor of Bali I Wayan Koster it turns out that Ganjar Pranowo also rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup"
no word israel. but there is a word of advice. the karma of the recommendation goes perfectly. the law is not fair to the perpetrators. free and lowly punished. god doesn't sleep. result fifa cancel on u20. Soon it will be banned.
Indonesia has been canceled as the host for the U20 World Cup in 2023. The Israeli national team may later become the U20 world champion. Palestine could one day host the U20 World Cup with Israel
"Boss !! Just from me Opo is really an idiot. If it's true that FIFA from the start wouldn't have made Indonesia the host of U20 what would you do the gbt was renovated and repaired jor. Indonesia and Israel. Do you want a world war boss?"
"Congratulations to the political parties governors and mass organizations. Your efforts have yielded results according to expectations Israel is not playing u20 in Indonesia."
indonesia cancels as host of world cup u20 reward asshole breaking news fifa disappointed hokky dream koster tamanin konoha israel golput
"If you're not a prawn brain idiot first translate current circumstances what did that mean first... after all the media has also published that Indon was canceled to host U20 right?
"The fault was FIFA why did the U20 World Cup invite Israel try inviting Emyu."
"Yesterday's draw was canceled because the governor of Bali refused the presence of the U20 Israel National Team just like that I don't understand why FIFA canceled Indonesia as host."
"is it true that this was held in Bali? is it true that Israel is participating? is there polemic and rejection? If there is not just cool means there is an unnatural problem when there is a refusal for the Israeli U20 national team to play in Indonesia"
u20 world cup canceled in indonesia bad luck breaking news fifa disappointed hokky dream koster flag konoha israel golput
"If you want to issue a statement check it first check it sir. Your boss (the president of Indonesia) how is his attitude towards the presence of the Israeli national team. You can't feel that you have high electability. I'm sure I will drop you in 2024 no matter how your image is tomorrow u20 stains too frozen"
israel u20 maw play football not play weapons.
It is not easy for Indonesia's position in responding to the presence of the Israel National Team in the U20 World Cup. Football people will easily say don't mix sports with politics. it's not that simple wow.
"Already got a giveaway for the U20 world cup playing slot even officials are a lot of behavior against Israel if the FIFA reason for the October 2022 tragedy aka the recommendation yes it was finished not even the wind who was blamed became the scapegoat it's sad"
I think yes I think. Indonesia's failure to hold WC U20 is not because of the rejection of a handful of people against Israel if WC U20 continues. It will be found out how damaged the infrastructure that was renovated. Well it will be a problem that concerns KPK
I think yes I think. Indonesia's failure to hold WC U20 is not because of the rejection of a handful of people against Israel if WC U20 continues. It will be found out how damaged the infrastructure that was renovated. Well it will be a problem that concerns KPK
"Even though the Palestinian ambassador did not blame the arrival of the Israeli national team because indeed football is used to unite Israel-Palestine there in the country of Wakanda instead ...... can't say any more sorry for the children of the U20 national team who want to compete in the U20 world cup "
"I was confused at first I rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup as the host in Indonesia now FIFA has removed the host in Indonesia now ordering Mr. Jokowi to resign. Indeed now Indonesian politics has never advanced the issue of religion has become the correct political benchmark even though it is wrong."
Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup was criticized and could be used by radical groups to delegitimize the government
"Countries that once colonized us roamed freely in Indonesia why is it that Israel which has never had a conflict with us was boycotted. Yes the opportunity to host the 2023 U20 World Cup is gone you can hate it you can't be stupid don't be stupid"
It seems that long ago the officials already knew that they would be subject to 'sanctions' regarding the U20 World Cup event..so the Israeli issue was blown..
"It was thought that FIFA would expel Israel from the U20 World Cup because of your boycott instead FIFA revoked the right to hold the Indonesian U20 World Cup. world (dumb cup)"
"Yesterday's tragedy was used by FIFA as the reason for canceling the U20 World Cup Indonesia. Even though after the tragedy the FIFA team regularly came to Indonesia to monitor preparations for the U20 World Cup. For me the main issue is still guaranteeing the safety of the participating teams especially Israel."
look at Instagram one of the supporting parties rejected Israel after the cancellation of FIFA U20. lgsg close comments on ig. very responsible nteng
"Yesterday for the first time there was news about the U20 World Cup which was canceled in Indonesia grgr. There were parties who didn't want Israel to come. I was already thinking about coming here. Yesterday the Israelis were just in Qatar they weren't invited to talk but when they went to Indonesia they were afraid they would beat people up. low."
"aaasu...that's all. now let's just wait for the comments of those who shout to defend Palestine & refuse to mix Israel in or this after we don't host this U20 world cup..."
"Actually according to Eike it's not Israel's refusal that is the problem that the U20 World Cup is in danger of failing but maybe because of the tragedy of the recommendation that has become an obstacle maybe that's not it bro? .. cmiww"
"- Indonesia cancels being the host - Palestine continues to participate in WC U20 - Israel continues to participate in WC U20 - Indonesia is threatened with severe sanctions congratulations sir.. Jenengan has made it into historical records"
it's better for Indonesia to take care of the 135 people who died in the kanjuruhan rather than the chaos with the u20-israel world cup
the reason for the cancellation of the u20 world cup is not an Israeli issue but a matter of the unfitness of the stadium &amp; security aspects. et to the fifa headquarters maybe lobbying so that the issue does not come out in a fifa statement and fifa only mentions the kanjuruhan tragedy. trying to cover up your weaknesses how come you judge
Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup due to Israel's refusal to play here by Mr. and Mr. I Wayan Koster
"Yes because of the stupid mouths of those who reject Israel it is causing loss to the country because of the cancellation of the U20 World Cup? You yourself commented that they were paid. They continued to be paid but did not play so you think the country does not lose like that?!"
"There was no mention of Israel. They didn't want to be specific so that it wouldn't become a further polemic. That's why they just wrote down the current circumstances. The tragedy was a few months ago after that there were a lot of activities between Indonesia and FIFA including the promotion of U20 through theme songs etc."
In my opinion Indonesia's failure to organize WC U20 is not because of rejection from a handful of people against Israel if WC U20 continues. You will find out how destroyed the infrastructure that was renovated. Well it will be a problem that concerns KPK do you understand this far?
You know I'm also disappointed apart from the tragedy of Israel's proposal and polemic we should all be happy in 2 months to host the U20 World Cup but he's the type of account that criticizes everything but 0 actions even the refrigerator light is off it's PSSI's fault
"In my opinion et there has lobbied FIFA so that at U20 it will continue and ensure the safety of all its participants but FIFA has already lost trust in Indonesia since the rejection of the Israeli national team everywhere and also as you said et neglotiated so as not to be banned fifa"
u20 doesn't have to be. this is the majority. don't act too much. later there will be more riots or not... we are in trouble right now. Later because of Israel... there is another name for fighting against each other like that. u20 is cancelled. for the time being there are no balls
"Just for your information the Palestinian ambassador doesn't matter that there is an Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup the Palestinian national team coach is also an Israeli. The conclusion that rejects the Israeli national team is more Palestinian than Palestine itself. Indeed the mentality of the Wakandan state is like this. Apes2."
PSSI chairman Erick Thorhir's efforts to fight for the hopes of the nation's children cannot be imagined if FIFA definitely cancels Indonesia as an organizer in the U20 severe sanctions: the Indonesian national team cannot compete in any international events because we reject the Israeli national team
"How do you want to lobby? Israel has qualified legally and properly... we are only participants because we are the U20 WC hosts and now it's because of you and your crocos that the dreams of these young people have been burned they just want to play football."
Yes how can it be that it is in the same class as FIFA Naro why is Israel there they are not that stupid I swear there are many aspects for sure but the most prominent is the Kanjuruhan tragedy of course when you are a child u20 you have to wait until the Kanjuruhan tragedy is over? When? where else is the absurdity above
yeah the sound range of 70000 people is gone? ohhh yes there are still voices from the same minded Israeli football players as the war soldiers. Why don't you post updates on Instagram sir? pretending to be sad because u20 doesn't play huh?
why is the Palestinian ambassador smarter and wiser than us in responding to the arrival of the israel u20 football team who will compete in Indonesia? Even though Palestine itself is currently in conflict with Israel? cc.
To be honest even though I'm not a soccer player I feel bad that FIFA has canceled Indonesia as the host for the U20 season PSSI chairman Erick Thorhir has tried his best to fight for the discordant voice against the Israeli national team being the graveyard for the national team &amp; nation's dream
nice!!.... fifa prefers israel to indonesia because isreal participates in the u20 world cup through strict qualifications and it's impossible to sacrifice. while the Indonesian national team became a participant in the u20 world cup it was a prize for being the host. it's better to move from noisy Indonesia....
"I want a demonstration for organizations and politicians who refuse Israel to participate in the u20 world cup. Tell them to go to Gaza to make a war in their own cage..jancokk!"
"There are already SSB ATEP7 graduates who are being scouted by the Ajax club when ind you 20 matches vs Israel in the u20 world cup final. I hope you see this YouTube and recommend this Kemenkumham asset to become Kemenpora"
"Maybe yes in my opinion... FIFA is taking it safe. Why? Because FIFA already knows that there are a lot of Indonesian people who reject Israel so it is worried that if the U20 World Cup takes place in Indo later when the Israeli matches there are elements from Indonesia who are rioting. Especially after there is a tragedy of fate"
"In another universe Liverpool slaughtered you 7-0 Messi was born in Portugal Harry Maguire Ballon d'Or the Netherlands was colonized by Indonesia Eminem is a keroncong singer TikTok has never existed Mrs. our president Israel failed to qualify for the U20 World Cup and Indonesia still host."
"Outside of Israel's chaos at the U20 World Cup how come I'm happy not to be in the World Cup in Indonesia."
Dongok don't look after Gangar instead he was tepu and pressured by the Pdipeh board to fight Jokowi by refusing the Israeli football team to play in the U20 World Cup
"The U20 World Cup failed because there was a lot of rejection of the Israeli national team that took part? GPP I agree because for me Israel and Palestine are not only a matter of religion and politics but humanity there. Yesterday's world cup Qatar could be firm why can't Indonesia?"
"The narration of the campaign will be: ""don't forget to vote for me I am the person who has refused the Israeli national team to play in Indonesia and the one who made the U20 World Cup cancelled in Indonesia"""
"Never liked Indonesian football but Indonesia canceling the WC U20 host makes me sad. Israel and Palestine will still play Indonesia gets nothing because of the stupidity of the people and their politicians. The dreams of the nation's children are destroyed in order to defend other nations. How stupid can this be. "
"I don't know when Indonesia will get a world-class opportunity. Even then we have to wait for tens of years. But maybe "maybe" this is indeed the best decision for us."
What if we first turn around the mindset FIFA points to Indonesia as the host for the FIFA WC U20. Indonesia rejects Israel to participate. FIFA withdraws Indonesia from the host for WC U20 who has prepared it long ago here it's the fault of Indonesia? the fifa? or israel?
"Great Mr. Ganjar Pranowo because of your imagery comments... in the end Israel won you can still play in the U20 World Cup while the U20 national team was eliminated! You deserve to be an enemy of national football!"
"Anyone accused of thwarting the u20 world cup thank you our country is not a country that does not have a history of struggle it's only because we refused to cancel Israel as hosts we are still red and white we are still nationals we still have our stance passion & strength ."
"That's right this is the U20 World Cup it's like someone is making moves. That Israel escaped from a long time ago why was it rejected only now? Was it because Mr. Eric got a promotion? So where were the events before Israel arrived? Question mark haha"
"the dream of the nation's children who have been practicing for a long time"" for the u20 world cup was destroyed by you. are you satisfied now what you have done. you must be responsible for the statement that refused the israel u20 national team to play in the u20 world cup"
Indonesia has been chosen as the host for the 2023 U-20 World Cup.
"Indeed it has nothing to do with Koster or PDIP but clearly this is very much related to Ganjar Pranowo's rejection. The issue that is of concern to FIFA and Israeli intelligence is that Ganjar supporters who are known to be intolerant and racist are very dangerous for the U20 event."
israel u20 coach
"Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup Palestine and Israel are still at war. Thank you sir"
"Indonesia's U20 World Cup is cancelled just because the Israeli team refuses to play Konoha is a bit different guys"
"That's funny in terms of trainers Israel U20 you know Palestinians. That's all why are you looking for 2024"
"how about this one ""indonesia will no longer be hosting the u20 world cup which will start next month. fifa decided to move the tournament after the governor of bali requested that israel banned""."
"Palestine is still playing Israel is still performing. Indonesia? Just watching. The only way for Indonesia to play in the U20 World Cup is to be the host we failed to enter the qualifying round well let's watch the national team again"
"I might insist that FIFA remove Indonesia as the home team of Pidun U20 because it is not Israel's fault not Knjuruhan's fault. For me whatever FIFA's reason is important Israel does not play in Indonesia."
"It turns out that several Israeli U20 national team players are Muslim brothers who refuses to know this ?????????????"
"last year 135+ lives died in vain"" in your own country you just shut up" "just now israel football players are coming to Indonesia for the u20 world cup instead they are shouting""refuse to come here with the excuse of the 1945 constitution it's really funny football is not politics but football for unity"
loyal but rejected israel at u20 while the president accepted (because he was committed to fifa). turning it down at the last minute = stab in the back
"Hearing about the jury's case that was wronged by the wind hearing that Israel has passed we have already got the U20 Asian Cup group of death again in the same group as the finalists passed the Asian Cup qualifiers from the heaviest group the U23 qualifiers against Australia at U17 did not qualify."
"But don't rule out the possibility that the kanjuruhan tragedy can happen again with Israel's rejection at U20 many leaders and the community have refused from the start it's better to cancel than to have another tragedy."
"Yes I'm happy the Israeli U20 cancelled. Isn't that right sir?"
If it's true Ganjar's motive for rejecting Israel's arrival at FWC U20 was one of them because of his desire for the Madridistas at Monas. it's really funny because the rewards for Wayan Koster on social media are taught to the finger" this netizen awkwk
"Because of the person who gave the statement ""rejecting the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team"" FIFA cancels Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup I really beg you to try to speak with the FIFA president so that Indonesia will continue to host the U20 World Cup."
"I'm not too sure because the failure of WC-U20 in Indonesia is only because of the "Israeli rejection" that has just appeared recently."
It's not just Israel's rejection that failed to organize the U20 but the sanctions for the Kanjuruhan tragedy are also a problem.
"Hadeuh... Russia attacking Ukraine was given strict sanctions crossed out from FIFA WC 2022 Israel attacking Palestine was not crossed out from FIFA WC U20 2023. This is not about politics let alone religion no it's about war crimes that have taken human rights to live in prosperity in the world. come on fifa"
"character assassination of the young people of our U20 national team. It's cruel sadistic the king of people who have no conscience and commitment. The Israeli national team continues to play wherever the U20 world cup is held while our national team???? incubates eggs."
"Okay... FIFA's decision to cross out has been published it's just waiting for the Palestinians to laugh out loud at this country... as a form of humanity... for Israel I hope you win as U20 champion."
"Did this admin know or not the captain of the Israeli U20 national team is a Muslim and there are other players who are also Muslims. Religious but devoid of reason. Yemen is in ruins many Muslim children die and starve... why is there no one in Indonesia who defends them?"
13 parties that rejected the israel national team at the indonesian u20 world cup
excited about rejecting the arrival of the israel national team suddenly i remember the hudaibiyah agreement. fifa world cup u20
The only solution is to disband Indonesian football so that everyone will be embarrassed. as well so that the hurt is not only the national team but the club as well. don't think about what koar2 israel rejects about their efforts and how disappointed the u20 national team players are.
"2 PDI-P &amp; PKS political parties 2 governors Ganjar Pranowo and Wayan Koster have stated that they reject the U20 Israeli football national team to play in Indonesia. Write down anyone maybe someone wants to add..."
takbir 3x sir you have successfully rejected the israel u20 national team and 22 other national national teams to indonesia...bravo mas wali you are more worthy to be the next
"the cancellation of the u20 world cup seems to have been organized..it started from GBK which was the venue of the match and used for blackpink's concertwhile GBK was the main venue..then Israel's rejectionwhy are they rejecting it now?? it's not early..intinamah Indonesia is not ready to be the host home"
"reject parties &amp; reward in the 2024 election for rejecting Israel in the U20 world cup this is not a matter of defending Israel but this sport is not an element of religion and defends Palestinian independence when it comes to defending Palestinian independence all Indonesian people also defend it!"
"Unfortunately this has nothing to do with our football Israel is playing here does it still not reduce their suffering in fact the Indonesian U20 team who had the dream of playing in the world cup had to lose their dream"
well it's impossible just because several figures reject Israel they are immediately canceled as hosts. it's easy to play streak like that. Indonesia doesn't deserve to be the host of the world cup even though it's U20. Don't defend Palestine as a scapegoat. how are the players? m
"proposed the world cup from 2019 maseh/mabakeh canceled the u20 world cup because of israel's rejection maseh/mabakeh"
"Lhaaaah you just screw it up.....you're beaten!! You don't need to distort the facts the fact is that 2 governors (Gangar & Wayan Koster) rejected Israel FIFA immediately canceled the U20 World Cup draw in Bali. I understand !! and the decision was cancelled. hosting the world cup is a continuation of this."
"Yes how come FIFA wants to write ""FIFA cancels Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup because it refuses the arrival of Israel's Jewish Zionists the arch enemy of Islam""?
Results of Indonesia's removal from hosting the U20 World Cup: 1. Israel can still play in the U20 World Cup 2. Palestine can still play in the Asia Cup 3. Israel and Palestine did not immediately make peace 4. Israel will still colonize Palestine 5. Indonesia? just planga plongo doang like a fool
Indonesia will no longer host the U20 World Cup which will start next month. FIFA decided to move the tournament after the governor of Bali requested that Israel be banned...
everyone who turned down the israel football team at wc u20 in indonesia are morons
"With the cancellation of the U20 World Cup which is one of the reasons for Pak's rejection of the Israeli national team I'm sure Pak Ganjar will run smoothly in the presidential election on condition that the voters are Palestinians"
"PDIP Ganjar knows and really knows every word that comes out of his mouth. They know what it means to reject the Israeli National Team. And that means they reject the FIFA World Cup U20 in Indonesia. Because they know that by rejecting the Israel National Team to Ina FIFA World u20 cup will be cancelled
Indonesia refuses Israel's U20 National Team to participate on the grounds of Israel's political policies towards Palestine and the absence of bilateral relations between Indonesia and Israel
I support the israel u20 football national team
"Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup just because a handful of groups refuse Israel to come here they say they support an independent Palestine but they forget the dreams of their own nation's children"
"It's more about security I think. There's been a lot of rejection of the Israeli national team so if forced to worry about their safety plus the recent tragedy. If there's no rejection of the Israeli national team I'm sure the U20 World Cup will still be held in Indonesia"
The kanjuruhan tragedy was the reason FIFA canceled Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup. why is it framing with israel? be fair and be wise while carrying out fifa recommendations. that's all the solution
So the point is that even though the PDIP rejects Israel it still supports President Jokowi to follow FIFA regulations. So you mean Pak Jokowi's fault for not being able to lobby FIFA to continue the U20 World Cup in Indonesia?
"Uncle sir what's your business with refusing Israel at U20. Because you feel the upper hand so you're in a trap right?"
blame the bastard party cadres for refusing Israel to compete in Indonesia so for football lovers stop supporting the cadres who are taking Indonesian youth to appear in the u20 world cup
"So Indonesia will host the U20 World Cup but it won't be because Israel is participating"
those who reject the Israeli u20 national team are actually people who have never watched football and don't even know football. but also interfere with the ball.
"If you want to discuss colonialism over the world it must be abolished. If Russia is not banned by FIFA and it can play in the U20 world cup I can guarantee that Russia will still be allowed to play in Indonesia even though it colonizes Ukraine (for whatever reason) and Israel is still in boycott"
Yeah it's sad because of the constant problems with Indonesian football in the end FIFA doesn't trust FIFA (added Israeli spices just now) I feel sorry for the U20 national team boys it's like there are only 2 months left all their dreams will immediately disappear
Israel takes part in the U20 World Cup Palestine takes part in the Asia.Indonesia Cup? just take the wisdom
thank you sir for fighting for the wc u20 event. quite surprised by the leader's attitude to the Israeli context.
"Today's commotion which resulted in the cancellation of Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup. Is there no middle way? For example the Israeli team can play but without spectators or the Israeli team can play but cannot use their country's flag and it is replaced"
"Ganjar & Erick Thorhir are responsible for the cancellation of Indonesia as the host of the U20 by FIFA. Unlike Soekarno who rejected the Israeli national team purely because he defended Palestine Ganjar blundered using this issue to gain mass sympathy. Meanwhile Erick could not convince FIFA of the tragedy of the award. ."
the current situation: the Israeli national team is still playing in the u20 world cup. The Indonesian national team has reached the point where they can dream of participating in the World Cup.
At first it was busy making noise against the arrival of the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup. Now it's FIFA's turn to cancel Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup instead changing the narrative to a disaster. hadeh what do you want?
"Congratulations sir your mission was successful. Israel will not play in Indonesia. But at the same time it will also show your hidden character. So in my opinion I don't think you deserve to be RI-1. I hope FIFA appoints Qatar to be the host on U20 so you bite your fingers. "
"There must be bullies in this country who don't want this country to progress. We traced the recommendations until Israel's rejection of the goal was only 1. to fail at U20. And they succeeded. Just dismantle who the actors are. What's in it for them. Because it's the loss for young footballers."
"Ds is right there is no relationship with PDIP Koster &amp; GP. These are all decisions by FIFA & Israeli intelligence. They have a warning for Anies to run for president. Yemen will make it comfortable. That's why Indonesia canceled being the host of U20. All because of Anies Baswedan and people Yemen"
"This is a free essay by GP volunteers. They tried to protect it with a statement that actually became a backfire for GP. The o'ons are self-knowing and cunning. While GP has said regarding the Israeli U20 team we will hand it over to the central government and PSSI."
"Apart from FIFA's official statement regarding the cancellation of Indonesia as the WC U20 venue your statement regarding Israel's rejection of a serious blunder ahead of the 2024 political year bro your team is really dizzy it's definitely now"
"Your blunder regarding Israel's statement against U20. They only bring their bodies soccer shoes and national team uniforms. They don't want to kill carry weapons or the like. Do children under the age of 21 know anything about politics? Are they attacking Palestine there?"
"1. Regarding the sanctions be patient until now I don't know what the consequences of the sanctions will be like other than the U20 World Cup being moved (read in paragraph 2) if you are penalized pray the sanctions are not severe. 2. Palestine is also being sanctioned so far The Palestinian national team is also often made difficult by Israel."
Yes FIFA's classmate made a statement with the reason that Indonesia refused to allow Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup. those who are going to be bullied are FIFA and the world
"Israel passed the U20 World Cup in July 2022... refused to come in March 2023... 9 months have passed what have you been doing all that time?"
That's right..... don't don't say that you never mentioned endorsing the lady for the PDIP presidential candidate... then Ngambeq Simboke and the elite told them to refuse the Israeli U20 team to enter IND...GP Koster is a victim of lust from the PDIP elite. isn't it evil.....that's how politics is...the children of the nation are sacrificed
"Hey you humans who have no heart you better leave immediately for Israel and Palestine so that you can fight each other to death there instead of you living in this country just making noise. You are happy at the disappointment of the U20 national team. I hope you guys just die"
This has something to do with political figures who voiced the rejection of the Israeli team. that's why the u20 world cup was canceled in indo. Defending other countries by sacrificing the dreams of the country's children is a political decision that has broken the hearts of 150 million national team fans. please enjoy electability later.
the most fatal in this u20 world cup is israel's rejection. If the recommendation is FIFA it will still help PSSI in transforming football since the 2022 recommendation tragedy
"Comment please sir regarding your rejection of the Israeli team are you proud?? Are you feeling sorry for the many people who have fought for the achievement of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia? Don't care do you know? Po don't take care of it? ahahaha .."
"The question is easy what reward do you get after the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team?"
It's really funny to see people blaming Mr. Ganjar Pranowo because he refused the Israeli national team for causing Indonesia to fail to host the U20 World Cup. even though it was originally due to the tragedy of the right.
"Gegara participated in rejecting Israel in the 2023 U20 World Cup Ganjar Pranowo's Instagram account was 'attacked' by Indonesian players"
"Yeah it's really funny the people who are consumed by provocateurs who hate Mr. Ganjar Pranowo FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia not because Mr. Ganjar Pranowo rejected the Israeli national team but because of the tragedy. Just be a little smart netizen."
"""about a hundred conservative Muslim demonstrators also rallied in the capital city of Jakarta this month to protest israel's involvement."" fifa removes indonesia as host of u20 world cup amid turmoil over israel's participation"
"None other than the many people who want to drop Pak Ganjar's credibility while FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup because of the nomination tragedy there are many parties that reject the Israeli national team too why is it that those who are cornered Pak Ganjar clearly want to bring it down"
"If it's only in the same class as the U20 world cup bro there's no excuse for not having funds Europe is Islamophobia so when they find out there's a refusal they're immediately afraid don't forget that Israel is definitely a target if it enters Indonesian territory"
fifa u20 i support israel to win
"Where have you gone Israel has been confirmed to have qualified for the world cup last year how come it's just now oozing upssss. The impact of the U20 World Cup being canceled is that Indonesia will be banned from international football"
"extremist sleeper cells jihadists from the Philippines (Mindanao) southern Thailand and sel² mit jat jad ji eastern thaliban and gam separatists are ready to make a battlefield of jihad to kill israel national team players in the u20 world cup"
"Sorry my friend is a supporter of the nation of Israel why was Indonesia crossed out from hosting the U20 World Cup because I got information this afternoon from my relatives that Mosad was here from January to check Indonesia's condition for the safety of the Israeli national team playing matches"
FIFA officially revokes Indonesia as host of the U20 World Cup
"I want to be surprised but the people of Konoha it's clear that the reason FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was because of the right case not because Mr. Ganjar Pranowo rejected the Israeli national team uh instead he attacked Mr. Ganjar Pranowo. That's hilarious"
"Even though the Palestinian ambassador immediately said he didn't mind the presence of the Israeli national team in Indonesia was he really happy that the U20 World Cup was canceled? Congratulations now congratulations I'm also waiting to be banned from FIFA I want to get angry too it's useless there's no hope"
"Even though the Palestinian ambassador immediately said he didn't mind the presence of the Israeli national team in Indonesia was he really happy that the U20 World Cup was canceled? Congratulations now congratulations I'm also waiting to be banned from FIFA I want to get angry too it's useless there's no hope"
"netijen netijen the provocateurs are dying even though it's clear that Indonesia failed to host the u20 world cup because of the tragedy of the nomination uh instead attacked Mr. Ganjar Pranowo because he rejected the Israeli national team."
"Ironically the rejection of Israel at the U20 World Cup on the grounds of solidarity with Palestine actually had an impact on Indonesian children and had no impact at all on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict situation"
"There is a possibility of player safety etc. When Israel plays they are afraid that the Kanjuruhan incident will repeat itself and the supporters are not Indonesian that will be even more serious because the Kanjuran incident has only happened a few months ago maybe that was the reason FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup"
"Hadeh how come you attacked Mr. Ganjar Pranowo because he refused the Israeli national team even though the reason FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was because of the kanjuran tragedy not because Mr. Ganjar Pranowo rejected the Israeli national team."
after the fifa incident canceled Indonesia hosting the u20 world cup: 1. the israel national team continues to play in the world cup 2. the palestine national team continues to participate in the qualifiers for the asian cup 3. the israel-palestine war continues 4. indonesia can only hope that fifa won't freeze again pleasant
u20 u-20 golput party governor reward disappointed october 2022 hokky caraka blunders the tragedy of israel satisfied cancel marking the president of palestine banned sanctions sad fate breaking news fifa hopes jokowi bali stadium kanjuruhan far away victims garuda Indonesia crying angry misuh failed nt
Mr. Ganjar lost his support for the U20 event for the presence of the Israeli national team. bang hoe applause. modar kowe (modar cootmu le) (long chuckle) smacks hands. Miss Puan was pushed up again maybe.
"u20 u30 u40 and u50 all will disappear. . stop dreaming... this country is not suitable for playing football just takraw is enough... tomorrow or the day after tomorrow when there is another world cup & the host is Israel Indonesia just watch it okay?
"This is the importance of reading the news properly and understanding its contents it is clear that FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because of an unresolved probationary case instead Pak Ganjar Pranowo attacked because he rejected the Israeli national team."
"Indeed you should read the news properly don't immediately eat the provocateurs who suddenly attacked Mr. Ganjar Pranowo because he rejected the Israeli national team. Even though FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup because of a case right not because of Mr. Ganjar's rejection."
"tangio Mr.
"Do you still need Kadrun Pak Ganjar's voice? It's a different era. The Bung Karno era and the current era are clearly different. A blunder even though hundreds of millions of Indonesians want the U20 World Cup. Rejecting the Israeli National Team is the same as rejecting the U20 World Cup"
why is the pdip now not of good quality? so follow the shallow kadrun?! even though welcome israel u20 team. I had to switch to this other nationalist party.
"I am satisfied Mr. Koster the mass organizations that refused Israel to come to Indonesia. The U20 World Cup in Indonesia failed. As a lover of Indonesian football I have no grudges but I will always remember what you did"
"Continuation of the earlier text and you must take a firm stance against the person who gave the statement refusing the U20 Israeli National Team to come to Indonesia because they are the U20 Indonesian National Team who have been practicing for a long time for the U20 World Cup and have been destroyed"
"After Ganjar made a blunder with the Israeli national team's statement of refusal and finally FIFA canceled Indonesia as the host for the U20 what will be your attitude towards Ganjar in 2024?"
"None other than the many people who want to drop Pak Ganjar's credibility while FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup because of the nomination tragedy there are many parties that reject the Israeli national team too why is it that those who are cornered Pak Ganjar clearly want to bring it down"
maybe PDI and Pak Ganjar Pranowo are looking to profit from the narrative of rejection of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup because we know Pak Jokowi will end his term of office.
"How come you are ambitious to want to win. Participating in the world cup is not required to win immediately there is a process bro. At least participating in the world cup is already fun. Besides Israel is participating in the U20 world cup not to colonize. They are only participating in the world cup. nothing more.."
"Actually the moment sir has passed the statement at the U20 & Israel World Cup made his name even more famous ahead of the 2024 presidential election. So to solidify the presidential candidate don't look for someone else so that you can get 100% of the vote."
"I've clubbed before and congratulations for all of our stupidity. It's only natural that we were colonized by other nations before the fact is really stupid. Now that it's been crossed out from hosting the U20 World Cup is Palestine independent from Israel? All that nonsense"
"Due to poor narrative try to put it this way: if the U20 National Team for Indonesia and Israel are in the same group in the preliminary round that could be a place to show off for Indonesia especially if you win it could be a gift for the people of Palestine and Indonesia."
"From the event that FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in my opinion it will be a boomerang for those who reject Israel for the sake of Palestinian independence. Now the people are disappointed with this. Maybe the people will not respect Palestinian independence anymore. This is a big PR for the government"
a simple question: why did the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia not even make a problem of Israel participating in the U20 World Cup?
There are people who agree that Israel will play FIFA U20 but they haven't studied the constitution
"In which part the Indonesian people who made a big mistake were consumed by the provocateurs. FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup not because of the rejection of the Israeli national team by Ganjar Pranowo. Because FIFA did not see that at all."
The point is if it's true the tragedy factor is that one of the other factors in the failure of the U20 World Cup is the upheaval in the country because several public officials have spoken out about the rejection of the Israeli national team to Indonesia.
"Indonesia rejects or doesn't Israel in the U20 World Cup women and children in Palestine will also be bombarded until doomsday you idiot"
"All of this has been considered by all parties regarding the participation of Israel (Jews) in the U20 World Cup. Israel (Jews) in this part all related parties have never had bilateral relations / cooperation between countries and Indonesia strongly condemns attacks on Palestine."
"The Israel U20 national team which was rejected yesterday will continue to play in the world cup. Meanwhile Indonesia failed to make history for the first time appearing in the world cup and was even threatened with FIFA sanctions. There is only one lesson PKS and PDIP get along."
"If the problem is because Israel is playing the FIFA U20 World Cup in Indonesia where have you been? Badminton athletes bicycles from Israel have played in Indonesia. The Israeli parliament also went to Bali. Because they talked about violating the constitution weren't they from yesterday?"
"Are you satisfied sir? Indonesia failed to play in the U-20 World Cup Israel which you rejected still appears in the U-20 World Cup. Thank you for burying the dreams of Indonesian young people"
After all Palestine can help us can our national team continue to participate in the U20 World Cup? I can only say thank you for the support of sovereignty. just like that. Besides why are the political elites getting mixed up in this anyway? Obviously this is sport not politics. israel conflict &amp; when was palestin ud?
ud cancel u20 world cup? even though behind that there are young people who aspire to appear in the world cup. compete against European countries and the American continent. umkm traders and our tax money is wasted. lost foreign exchange. just because you hate one country. what good is israel hated us?
"TV One is also the most diligent in interviewing and provoking sources regarding the polemic between football and politics specifically the Israeli national team playing in Indonesia of course TVOne has contributed to the cancellation of Indonesia hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup."
"That's related. Due to the turmoil of Israel's rejection FIFA considers that PSSI has not been able to guarantee the safety of the U20 World Cup event so that the October 2022 tragedy will not happen again."
You may also see Israel and FIFA making it unfavorable for the Israel U20 national team to play in Indonesia.
Indonesia's status as the host of the U20 World Cup has officially been revoked by FIFA Indonesian people who are football lovers are disappointed in one of the two thank you for the reward and PDI-P for the rejection of the Israeli children who still have no wet dreams playing in Indonesia are you satisfied now? regret was born here.
Indonesian football rip &amp; congratulations on your victory yesterday voicing that you refused Israel to take part in the u20 world cup thanks to you the career of an Indonesian footballer has been ruined
Who told other European teams to lose to Israel in the U20 World Cup qualifiers? If Israel doesn't qualify it's a different story :p
"Karbitan fans who pretend to be angry because the narrative supporting Palestine &amp; anti-Israel is the reason Indonesia failed to become the host for the U20 World Cup. The brain really doesn't have time right? ” aj 5 months ago. idiot!”
"The U20 World Cup was not officially held in Indonesia. There was no mention of Israel instead what was called the October 2022 tragedy (kanjuruhan)"
"FIFA sanctioned the Russian national team for its invasion of Ukraine. Now it has canceled the Indonesian U20 World Cup because there was rejection of the Israeli national team. Don't be too sad bro and blame each other the federation has double standards."
"Canceled turn now blames this purely because of recommendation October 22 is not "current circumstances". let alone 2."
Canceled because of the Israeli polemic or the Republic of Indonesia is considered incompetent to host the U20 World Cup because of the October '22 kanjuruhan tragedy uncle?
Come on let's try to watch this those who are still defending Israel will play in the U20 World Cup if Indonesia is the host.
wow u20 world cup. another sad story for Indonesia's potential to realize itself as an Asia/Southeast Asia axis. For those who refuse Israel to play on the basis of tarnishing our support for Palestinian independence please listen to my evil thoughts
"israel smiled when indonesia failed to participate in the u20 world cup football lovers are hurt by your behavior."
"The issue of the rejection of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup was initially voiced by PA212 and his group (FPI GNPF) followed by MUI DIII. Then from political parties there was PKS which was the earliest. After that the Governor of Bali Pak Koster was also followed by Pak Ganjar from PDIP ."
"Yes but the issue of the rejection of the two governors became the trigger for FIFA to cancel Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup try if there is no issue of Israel's rejection FIFA will draw a group in Bali"
"Ramadan is a month full of blessings and tolerance among people it's important to have reward | fifa | satisfied | breaking news | disappointed | golput | banned | pdip | world cup | koster | tamanin | israel | federation | u20"
"I swear that when I saw this case I realized more and more that figures who claimed to be knowledgeable were only religious drunkenness. Does Israel's involvement in the U20 World Cup mean that Indonesia supports terrorism murder etc. haaaaaa??? You want to hear your emotions waw"
"1. Indonesia was crossed out from the PDU20 host 2. The U20 National Team did not compete in PDU20 3. Israel is still a PDU20 participant 4. FIFA sanctions Indonesia 5. Indonesia is not a safe country 6. Hopefully with this sacrifice* Palestine will be free. *) sacrifice hack/demo"
"Breaking news was finely rejected by FIFA for security reasons. One of them with the rejection from several parties so there is no guarantee of security for the Israel U20 national team to play in Indo. Satisfied!"
"If we are a great and respected country we should still have the U20 World Cup and FIFA crossed out Israel... but because we are belittled and not considered it's complicated so all we have to do is move the program and we'll cross out the membership after all Israel is still following even if it's moved.. "
good luck sir.. your happiness has increased by one more.. the israel u20 team did not make it to indonesia..
FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup not because of the rejection of the Israeli national team by Ganjar Pranowo. point!
if only israel was not qualified mah would be safe. the fact is that israel has never qualified for the u20 world cup in history !!. this is new!! and unfortunately the host is Indonesia! this is beyond reason but the most logical explanation is that this is karma for 135 lives lost but it is underestimated!
"Politics the governors' statements against Israel are like water guns for FIFA more about the security of the U20 world cup itself and we can look in the mirror at the tragedy of Kanjuruhan"
low sd is the pessimist uncle. afraid of children of Israel u20
It's a joke to deny this. We're going to play in the U20 World Cup. Palestine can't be free. Israeli-Palestinian conflict. you will be sanctioned. Beh politicians don't fuck dogs. I wonder if political parties/politicians who won't cancel the u20 world cup should be given a vote in 2024
"as if the dreams of 20 U20 retainers already represent the dreams of millions of Indonesian children they fail as if all Indonesian children will fail just reading all this is not just a matter of Israel also venues that are not yet ready the vars are not clear there is no concert being made"
"(et) &amp;(gi): gin how come Israel refused: yes that's your risk to host the u20 world cup: what if Israel is replaced?: ah muke gile madekipe you you can't: what's the reason that came in makes sense huh?: what about the recommendation?: well that's okay: deal?"
"Really sad about the condition of football in Indonesia. If I were a sty I think I'd just want to leave last October there was a tragedy uh the U20 World Cup was moved thanks to FIFA and the Israeli team's opponents of playing: Ganjar PDIP Governor of Bali etc."
the israel national team just relax keep playing wherever the u20 world cup is held...palestine also relax keep playing football under fifa..now pssi is worried about what sanctions will come from fifa..many are indonesian football lovers because it's just politics ahead 2024
"Those people who pretend to reject the Israeli U20 National Team can be sent to war in Gaza not really as well as proof of its grip so it's not just Fafifu"
and no goal celebrations for anyone except for a while Israel continues to play and Palestine continues to be colonized. In the end our U20 national team can only cry because politicians don't use brains.
"With the demographics of Indonesia Israel's participation will definitely have strong cons. Israel has only succeeded in entering the U20 World Cup in history unfortunately Indonesia is the host there. Never mind this karma has 135 people underestimated!!!"
FIFA is not possible to use Israeli excuses because they have double standards with the Russian case. they play it safe. meanwhile after the kanjuruhan tragedy the head of fifa went to Indonesia and stated that the status of the u20 host was safe. but now it's different
Israeli athletes have participated in performing in Indonesia before the cancellation of the U20 World Cup. why is it just starting now?
hello he said Pak Ganjar also supports Israel's refusal to play the U20 World Cup in Indo. Why don't you support Indonesia to beat Israel on the football field instead of supporting Israel's refusal to play in Indonesia
"Try to think backwards is it possible that FIFA actually crossed out Indonesia as the host at U20 since the Oct 22 case but then sacrificed 2 governors (who incidentally were insiders) to cover up as if we were rejecting Israel coming then pretended to lobby while waiting for the official expulsion"
Indirectly BPK has taken away the freedom of the Indonesian U20 National Team to compete in the 2023 World Cup because of your rejection of Israel which in the end FIFA canceled Indonesia as host besides waiting for sanctions from FIFA for PSSI. If you take that freedom what can you say sir?
which made a fuss over the refusal of the Israeli national team to play in Indonesia and caused Indonesia to be canceled as the host for the U20 World Cup and must be held responsible. do not dodge ... this nation has been disgraced in the eyes of the world.
"Just because Israel is in the U20 World Cup Indonesia has been canceled from being the host. You have lost respect for those of you who refuse Israel to play in Indonesia. We want to play football not war !! Block!"
"It's not just a matter of Israel's refusal I think FIFA canceled Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup but there's also the tragedy of the proposal that has lost 135 souls. Think think wow stupid"
"The case of the Israeli national team provides an important lesson: public policy is indeed complicated forwards and backwards hit. We'll just have to see who will "win" the "cup" from this controversy.
see the cancellation of the u20 world cup Indonesia was surprised not because it was canceled huh...already knew israel had passed the u20 world cup...should have rejected it from the start and looked for a solution...soon the world cup will start it will just be excited and finally it will be canceled title * yes this is Indonesia
"While Israel and Palestine can still take part in the world sports scene wherever it is held we are the ones who are ostracized !!! It's sad to see our U20 National Team whose hopes have been shattered..."
"The Palestinian ambassador has already issued a statement: it's okay for Israel to be present at the U20 World Cup yet it doesn't change Indonesia's support for Palestine."
You just run away like a deaf duck... it's clear that the GP refuses to allow the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia...!!
"Just because Israel is in the U20 World Cup Indonesia has been canceled from being the host. You have lost respect for those of you who refuse Israel to play in Indonesia. We want to play football not war !! Block!"
your statement to reject Israel in the world cup disappointed everyone sir even the u20 team who had fought for the world cup but you state officials seemed deaf and buried the dreams of our champions
"and the processed product is that Indonesia has been canceled as the host and Israel can still play in the U20 WC Palestine is still participating in the Afc Cup.. Indonesia was banned by FIFA.. cool preparations are open"
What is clear is that FIFA's reason for canceling Indonesia to host WC U20 is not because of Israel... but because there is still a large population of idiots in Indonesia who prefer to defend other nations rather than defending their own.
"But if in the coming years Roy Nissan or Robert Shwartzman decide to race in Formula E will they also be rejected like the Israeli U20 National Team now?"
"You got it bro. Israel Palestine U20 FIFA canceled Persija without spectators. Akwkwkwk. You can't mix it with politics it's already done hahahihi. Take care of your own business tomorrow you still have to work you still feel proud of your family. Move on move!"
"If you look at the reasons it seems that FIFA doesn't want to take the risk by continuing WC U20 in Indonesia even though there is already a guarantee from the President of the Republic of Indonesia seeing the dynamics that have occurred regarding Israel's rejection maybe FIFA is worried about the safety of WC U20 participants + supporters who are the tragedy of the recommendation becomes the reference"
where is the slogan of defending the underprivileged because of the cadres rejecting the Israeli team many umkm are at a loss unable to sell goods that have been made to be sold at the u20 world cup bullshitttttt....
"Bari na ge Indonesia can play in the u20 ge world cup because the quota to host is not the result of the qualifier round. israel wae"
"The Palestinian national team trained by Israeli coaches are still playing. Meanwhile the dream of our u20 children must be buried. If Palestine is not yet independent how come FIFA recognizes it as a country in the World Cup competition?"
israel america... 22 of them passed the u20 world cup bro... hehe
"Believe me if Anies is still governor of DKI and declares he rejects Israel it must have something to do with FIFA canceling Indonesia's hosting of U20."
Mr. Ganjar you asked the sign of white hair⁉ Ganjar | fifa | satisfied | breaking news | disappointed | golput | banned | pdips | world cup | coster | mark | israel | federation | u20
"It's funny how you think you reject Israel the reality of Indonesia is crossed out Israel is still colonized it's still playing in the U20 World Cup which isn't even playing Indonesia"
"U20 was having fun messing around in the field and was shaking it back using the poison and honey technique the keyword ""israel"" was used to make poison and the keyword ""defense"" was used to make honey.. are you satisfied?"
"The contents are all about Indonesia canceling the role of WC U20. In my opinion maybe it's not just Israeli factors there are many other factors technical readiness such as field infrastructure & intervention too. It's clear that the losses for Indonesia have already bid using the state budget has failed. "
"Sad? Too bad. I'm one of those people who still hopes that the U20 World Cup will still be held in Indonesia even though there is an Israeli national team. But again for security reasons I think FIFA's decision is very wise."
"The difference is that Russia doesn't want to compete with him if Israel wants to compete it's only rejected by Indonesian citizens that's the difference try yesterday's u20 world cup participants there were 10 countries who refused to play with Israel so the Israeli national team was crossed out"
"good for you. It's just funny Israel continues to play at U20 and Palestine plays at the Asian Cup we are the ones who get hit by grenades"
just singapore. so that the israel u20 national team can shop for clothes in batam later.
Just vote for me as president yes because I don't reject the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team
"socialize the dangers of radicalism in society pay for the ex-convicts of the Bali Golput bombing | banned | pdip | world cup | koster | sign | israel | federation | u20"
breaking news! FIFA has officially removed Indonesia from hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup
"Many are debating the exact reason FIFA crossed out Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup between the tragedy of the nomination or the rejection of the Israeli national team. If you can draw a common thread there are similarities namely Indonesia does not guarantee security for all. Ironic."
"fifa uses softer language "current circumstances". u20."
Even though the Palestinians have no problem with Israel's participation and presence in the U20 World Cup
"banned from being the host canceled from being the host will be given strict sanctions in the near future but they are grateful.. Palestine is still being colonized the u20 is still taking place the Israeli team is still a participant..! what are we thankful for..? stupid go international.."
"You don't need to cover it up the easy reason for U20 not being in Indonesia is because your employer's appointment case was not taken care of properly. It's not because of Israel. You understand bro."
"On the one hand I am disappointed that the U20 World Cup was not held in Indonesia. On the other hand I am proud because there are still those who can maintain the principles set by our founding fathers who remain strong not to recognize Israel as a country while Palestine is occupied."
"The main thing is that in the U20 World Cup event there will be those who will raise the flags of England Germany Italy Spain Argentina. I will try to raise the Israeli flag which is a jumbo size. I will also put Israeli flag stickers on my vehicle."
ouw this is the purpose of the recommendation. no wonder it looks like it was made on purpose. it turned out that the goal was to fail the u20 world cup. it's a bit odd that Israel's rejection is fried. turns out to be his trump card.
"in the country of sierra-leone because there are no idiots carrying banners 'reject israel u20' while wearing religious attire."
"PDIP plays two legs? In the context of getting votes in the 2024 elections from Kadrun and supporters of Palestine then Koster and Ganjar will be PDIP's bumpers. It will not be Koster Ganjar dared to reject the Israeli national team if there are no instructions from the chairman. Jokowi seems to be trying to keep U20 so. sneaky huh.."
tonight... the dreams of young soccer players are shattered. ...for the sake of giving in to parents who are going to hold a 5 yearly celebration namely elections.... for why conduciveness is maintained... 2 governors were sacrificed for refusing Israel to play in the U20 world cup which was held in Indonesia..
Indonesia is really funny... the Palestinian U20 coach is Israeli. the main striker and captain israel are muslims.. when are you going to progress this country
we were canceled to host the u20 world cup while not rejecting israel's arrival. FIFA is only concerned with Israel and ignores the existence of the Indonesian nation.
"Being the host/event for the World Cup requires funds. We know that the government doesn't have the funds anymore so it's borrowing again only for the small world cup (U20) whose economic effect is not as big as the senior world cup the moment (Israel's refusal) is right this is politics"
Because of the cancelation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia: 1. Shin Tae Yong was unemployed during the U20 World Cup. 2. Caraka CS refuses to watch the U20 World Cup on TV. 3. TV broadcasting rights contract dissolved. 4. Politician buzzers against the Israeli National Team get many more tasks.
"Pray for our young star's dream. Israel continues to join WC U20 Palestine continues to play in the Asian Cup we are again at risk of being banned."
my champion is fifa world cup u20 really kihhhh…israel!!!!…obyaaaahhhkeeee leeeeeeee!!!!!!!
"Besides Indonesian football is lousy at world events not because of the players but because of PSSI officials. The U20 was dropped from FIFA not because of our rejection of Israel but because of a decision even if it's about Israel it's really the nation's ideological principle isn't it?!"
as the host and you as the committee must be braver than fifa. FIFA alone dared to disqualify Russia from the 2022 World Cup event in Qatar. why don't you dare to disqualify israel for the same reason from the u20 world cup.
"If you want to be fair cross out Israel from the U20 World Cup participants just like FIFA cross out Russia in the World Cup 22 playoffs or Indonesia will still be the host of the U20 World Cup Israel will still take part in Pildun."
because the level of human resources and the way of thinking is still stupid. it's only natural to be poor because stupidity still exists in this country... don't be a hypocrite sir. the u20 world cup event failed here. even then because of the stupidity of the elite level who doesn't have an elegant way to reject Israel. mirror once
"Thank God Indonesia refused the visit of the Israeli U20 National Team so Israel stopped colonizing Palestine"
If you want to relate politics to the U20 World Cup and Israel you can. I understand what it means now.
"Russia's decision to refuse was approved by several European countries which countries refused Israel to play in the U20 World Cup?"
"That's right... and the U20 event will still go on the Israeli team will still be a participant.. it will be canceled as a host canceled as a participant will be sanctioned as well.."
maybe because israel failed to go to indonesia in the u20 world cup
"There is a population of 17.8% Muslims in Israel if you hate Israel are Muslims there also hated because they live in Israel? If not that means it's not the country of Israel maybe the Jews are meant. There are also several tribes of Jews. And those who come aren't Jews u20. "
dare what? I'm afraid to be visited by the Israeli U20 national team
wkwkwk mingkem nih congor pisa hat.. but it's already turned to mush.. team u20 doesn't play... it's Israel who loses.. it's Indonesia that loses.. it's stupid if you swallow too much camel urine right like this..
"Brother Israel isn't a bonus from FIFA being able to play in the U20 soccer world cup so how can you be refused to compete while Indonesia is far away from running as host. Please differentiate between politics religion & sports"
"I apologize to all Indonesian football lovers including me personally I reject Israel not FIFA but maybe FIFA is angry because we missed the info why didn't we file a rejection since the U-20 Israel National Team passed the U20 World Cup."
"Hopefully Israel can win the U20 world championship so that it will be even more painful wkwkwk"
"There is a population of 17.8% Muslims in Israel if you hate Israel are Muslims there also hated because they live in Israel? If not that means it's not the country of Israel maybe the Jews are meant. There are also several tribes of Jews. And those who come aren't Jews u20. "
"Apart from the tragedy of the recommendation then it was fried again with Israel's rejection which ended in Indonesia not being worthy of hosting the U20 World Cup. Then who is the mastermind behind all of this? fix change the people in 2024 there is no need for mass organizations and political parties.. satisfied ?"
"To all of those who fought yesterday to reject the arrival of the Israeli team are you satisfied now the dreams of our younger siblings at the 20th World Cup have been dashed and not to mention the sanctions that the national team will receive try to think if these younger siblings were your children your siblings your family! Satisfied kooo!!!"
"Min I suggest the U20 world cup has been cancelled professional experts go to wrestling news rich and as far as I am following there are no Israelis. Yes I don't know what will happen in the future or not in the future the wrestling world cup will not be allowed again"
"The last sentence of the paragraph explains that FIFA will still have staff here in the coming months so it will be more there. If the U20 World Cup is Israel's safety factor it will be a consideration. Instead of me playing down the issue of the recommendation if that doesn't happen FIFA will still be worried."
"Still believe in not being political? When the tragedy of the judgement didn't seem to be a problem. But when they just touched Israel they immediately got into trouble under the pretext of the tragedy of the judgement which is the basis for security. Hahaha. It's funny. Poor U20 national team brothers"
"Actually at this protest do you understand that Israel is a participant in the U20 World Cup which happened to be held in Indonesia because they qualified not because they were appointed by FIFA not because the host asked. If this is the case I'm sure Indonesian football will be even more destroyed. "
Did Indonesia fail to host the U20 World Cup and Israel didn't attack Palestine? mbelgedessss...!
effect of canceling indonesia to host wc u20: for palestine : none; for israel: none; for Indonesia: (i) the possibility of FIFA sanctions; (ii) questionable reputation for not being able to keep commitments to host (despite having been officially appointed)
"It's sad and tragic for the governor of Central Java the governor of Bali and for those who refused to let the Israeli team play in Indonesia so that the Indonesian U20 World Cup was removed from being the host by FIFA."
"the dog is looking for material to corner Anies with his lord GP and PDIP rejecting Israel and lots of comments about the u20 world cup hoalah njing njing your barking is useless"
"The failure to host WC U20 was not because of the Israeli national team's rejection it was just a diversion so that marwah +62 would not fall in front of the public. What is clear is that it is not worth it. Not yet FIFA standard."
and FIFA officially canceled Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup. satisfied you guys who buried the dreams of the children of the Indonesian nation. as long as you know without or by competing in Indonesia Israel still participates in the world cup.
"How about u20 in Indonesia sir? Are you happy with the btl event with you &amp; elements regarding the Israeli U20 national team's refusal to hold a btl tournament due to the security factor of the match the safety of the players especially the Israeli national team. Kae the Indonesian U20 national team players are crying..."
"Even though you don't have to reject the Israeli national team just imitate the Irish fans who do psywar on the field while playing with the Palestinian flag... in the end what can be damaged is the dream of the U20 national team members & the nation's children who want to volunteer at the world cup"
I wish the israel national team to win the u20 world cup
"Please sir those who refuse to allow the Israeli football national team to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia just collect the data and send it to Palestine it's useless to be a burden at home it's better to help Palestinians"
"Want to know about the CSpres poll after Indonesia failed to host the U20 I'm sure the percentage that rejected Israel dropped"
hope israel u20 will win wc u20
"It's really even though the U20 can boost the country's income in the tourism sector due to politics which cover good relations the country itself loses noh Israel is still in the U20 Palestine is also still in the Asian Cup us? hahahaha eat that's politics"
"Opponents of Israel at U20 feel that Indonesia is already dashing powerful like First World/US what do you do?"
"They don't come to Indo Palestine is still being attacked by Israel the conflict is still going on Israel & Palestine are still playing at U20 Indonesia is not participating. What's the benefit of Indonesia you idiot? That's a short brain. That's a lot of empty skulls just open the mixue "
"There was nothing about Israel in the cancellation of Indonesia being the host of the U20 World Cup. FIFA questioned the tragedy of the recommendation as the reason for the cancellation. We were given light sanctions before uh the settlement of the case was just messing around. Is that okay sir?"
"Ina's performance in the u20 managed to fail Israel but if they were to play they would have to lose they would be sanctioned.. Palestine-Israel is still at war. So if we ban Israel from playing in the U20 there is no benefit for Palestine which is very concerned by other countries. "
his voice of rejection as a figure had a big influence on the decision to cancel the U20 World Cup in Indonesia by FIFA; even though the reason for fifa itself was not stated due to israel's refusal but sure there are recommendations related to the safety of the israel team
"I really remember yesterday that many who defended the Israeli team didn't play u20 now guys"
"The reward for Pranowo's branding is really falling his intention is to look for a future in 2024 it's even ruined because of Israel's refusal to enter the u20 election.. don't want to go up for branding in 2024 please take advantage of it !!"
"After Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup Israel and Palestine decided to make peace. Happy ending"
"Apart from the players who cried tonight don't forget there are umkm perpetrators in 6 stadiums who are also crying tonight because they failed to get an abundance of good luck from the u20 world cup event which was canceled whoever you were who participated in rejecting Israel yesterday please take responsibility !!"
"In my opinion it doesn't matter if the Israeli national team plays in the world cup with the condition that only participating in the world cup after it's finished is no longer allowed""special permission during the U20 world cup"""
All media should display the faces of idiotic figures who reject the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team so that all football fans in Indonesia know what and who caused the failure of the World Cup in Indonesia to fail.
"Fifa refused politely for security reasons. One of them with the refusal from several parties is that there is no guarantee of security for the Israel U20 national team to play in Indo."
"u20 world cup chaos: ""it turns out that there are also many Israeli zionist sympathizers in this country"""
oh my gosh they suck. they will blame the government because u20 was canceled because of the recommendations &amp; they would think fifa would have no objection to israel's denial.
Where are the idiots in the community who are so Islamic and are calling for rejecting Israel and canceling the U20 World Cup?
"If that's the case when football fans play politics supporting WC U20 doesn't mean supporting Israel as an occupier you will remember that you are the arch enemy of Indonesian football what kind of constitution sacrifices its nation... are you satisfied??"
"Israel continues to exist at the You 20 World Cup and its senior national team in 2026 even Palestine it is still far from Israel's hopes of recognizing Palestine as a country Indonesia has failed to host at U20 because it defends Palestine then what can Indonesia get from palestine"
"The government has given guarantees for all of them including Israel who have passed the U20 WC including Ganjar and Koster who have also made commitments continue to advise bye Fifa has provided assistance regarding transformation then some have refused and FIFA has heard. So there are indications that it is still not safe"
"When the Israeli national team was rejected Israel remained silent and didn't say a word maybe they just smiled happily seeing Indonesia making noise about the Israeli national team. Now Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup. What can we do? Now they laugh at us as losers."
The u20 national team canceled the first world cup twice because of Covid-19 the second was because of Israel's rejection and the public knows because this sport is very big in Indonesia.
It's not important u20 what's important israel haramjadah does not set foot in marih
"Dal Lizard...let's have a demonstration while Israel is still in the U20 World Cup...all of you will be participating in the demonstration there so that you are satisfied destroying a generation of young footballers in Indonesia..."
"and now the narrative is like this ""Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup because of Israel"""
the impact after the cancellation of the world cup host status: palestina (participating in the asia cup) israel (still participating in the u20 world cup) wakanda (failing to participate in the u20 world cup) who is really stupid?
Wild contraception theory: the rejection of the U20 Israel National Team by some officials and the public and the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia are part of diverting the issue of the 349 trillion Ministry of Finance scandal.
so those who are refused to play are actually Indonesia or Israel? how come it looks like israel is still playing in the u20 world cup
"Actually I don't care that the national team has been practicing 24 hours for the sake of U20 because in the end I will definitely lose which I regret how come Israel is prohibited from playing in Indonesia for the sake of defending Palestine which in the end will be the one who will be sanctioned & while Israel and Plistin are still at war already banned in ina"
"Without reducing empathy for Palestine if because of Israel's refusal the u20 wc is canceled in China if you refuse why should you refuse when the event is about to be held when all the conditions have been met the agreement as host given by FIFA is valid. ."
idiot it's not important u20 what's important israel hell don't play in marih
Palestine and Israel still participate in the U20 world cup the Indonesian U20 national team is banned for failing to play in the U20 world cup due to your prayers
it's a political issue and fifa doesn't want to bring politics into football. The contents are that U20 is canceled in Indonesia and FIFA will focus on PSSI because of last year's incident. The cancellation is still due to the Israeli issue
"Idiot! U20 Israel here just wants to play football not want to spread terror. Oh yes I forgot what are anonymous accounts being served? If this is the case I'll be the idiot."
"Never forget the people who thwarted the U20 World Cup event don't ever have people like that become the leaders of this nation. I salute Gibran even though he is part of the party who rejects Israel's arrival but his attitude is clearly different from the party"
Certain ?? because of unscrupulous officials who refused to allow Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup FIFA crossed out Indonesia as host. What if it turns out that Indonesia has been crossed out because of the case of the judges?...
Hendri Satrio considers rewards and Erick to be partners over the Israel National Team at the U20 World Cup
"without reducing respect for Palestine. Israel is playing in the U20 World Cup. Palestine is playing in the 2024 Asian Cup. Meanwhile Indonesia which is noisy refuses to be banned. Then who fought for Indonesia when it was banned? Nothing. Not mass organizations not even politicians. Really a comedy"
"Just try the governor of Bali & Central Java you don't have to comment much on Israel maybe the story is different about the U20 World Cup"
How come they think about the impact they think Israel is colonial and they forget that this sport is not a political event and war I'm sorry for the U20 national team
"There is no need to debate what is the reason for Indonesia's cancellation as host of the U20 World Cup. Chaotic investigation of the nomination tragedy &amp; rejection of Israel as a legitimate participant (who qualified) for the U20 World Cup both of which deserve to be used as an excuse."
"Instagram accounts of politicians who rejected the Israeli national team at the U20 world cup were monitored: rewards were battered Nasir Djamil began to be attacked Illiza was flooded with praise. Mother is indeed capable"
"Oh yeah I want to remind you sir don't forget to be grateful. Indonesia failed to organize the U20 World Cup young players are crying with enthusiasm Indonesian citizens are threatened while Israel still exists"
Yes it's smoothed out right?
"Actually if the Indonesian U20 national team is in the same group as the Israeli U20 national team in the preliminary round it will be an opportunity to show off for Indonesia especially if it wins over Israel it could be a gift for Palestine. But never mind."
"In FIFA's official release there is nothing about Israel in the cancellation of Indonesia being the host of the U20 World Cup. Instead there is the matter of the nomination tragedy as the reason for the cancellation. It is suspected that FIFA protected Israel and the kanjuruhan tragedy is also still under serious attention."
"Thank you sir KNPI FPI you have protected Indonesian football well... you are satisfied that you think Palestine can help Indonesia return... instead they are having fun" "watching Israel at the U20 World Cup...."
one day u20 in israel and palestine played there.. genjer genjer and flocks of jerking off in the corner crying..
"If constitutionally you can't accept Israel why did the government & PSSI have the courage to bid for the U20 World Cup even though they know that Israel is also a member of FIFA. Isn't it logical the government & PSSI violated the constitution from the start?"
"And what is certain is that Palestine & Israel are still in conflict Israel is still playing in the U20 World Cup Palestine is still playing in the Asian Cup and Indonesia is in danger of being banned &amp; failing to play in the Asian Cup. What's funny is this country it's even creating problems for ourselves"
How do you feel Mr. Gray has rejected Israel which continues to play in the U20 World Cup. it's a nice blunder
"The U20 World Cup was not officially held in Indonesia. There was no mention of the issue of the rejection of the Israeli national team instead what is called the October 2022 tragedy (kanjuruhan)."
Yesterday thrifting was banned in Indonesia on the grounds that it damaged umkm. Now the U20 World Cup is not happening in Indonesia with the reason that Israel refuses to play in Indonesia. It's really beautiful to live in Indonesia
1. FIFA saw and heard that there was a refusal from several elements for the Israeli team to participate in the U20 World Cup 2. FIFA also assessed that the refusal meant that the readiness for security for the Israeli special participants was not necessarily guaranteed 3. Plus looking at the final results of the proposed case
"Yes but the officials"" those who refuse Israel to come are guaranteed food while the children ""National Team under U20? Just want to start a better career but the stepping stone has been destroyed by the official Pak Soekarno..the impact of being banned by FIFA"
we will continue to fight for Palestinian rights.. the Palestinian ambassador also agreed that the Israeli national team will play in Indonesia.. don't let the U20 in Indonesia be canceled
"Right now the Israeli football team is still competing in WC U20 Palestine. Also they haven't got Indonesia's independence? They only got the dregs. Thanks a lot for those who shouted loudly until the event was canceled in Indonesia"
"Permission to provide an alternative solution sir the middle way Indonesia is still the host u20 with the Israeli team in it but at the time of the match where there is an Israeli team the match will be held in Singapore or another country that is willing. Thank you."
no need to reply anymore. he is stupid. In the future he and his friends will instead blame the government because U20 was canceled because of the recommendation not because of Israel's rejection.
i am indonesian and i love israel but because some people &amp; a group in Indonesia that mixes politics and football so that in the end our young people's dream of playing in the U20 word cup has to fail. see you next time. god bless.
"The U20 World Cup was not officially held in Indonesia. There was no mention of the rejection of the Israeli national team instead what is called the October 2022 tragedy (kanjuruhan) is sad"
"How come the FIFA-Indonesia-PSSI-U20 world cup was canceled because there was resistance from a number of elements to the Israeli team. Here it is clear that PSSI is not strong in managing football they should be able to guarantee security the participants of the U20 World Cup ."
"+62 will not fall apart just because it was canceled to host the u20 world cup +62 will remain firm +62 will not waver in opposing colonialism whoever the head of government is +62 will not recognize Israel as a country before Israel recognizes the independence of Palestine"
"FIFA has officially removed Indonesia's status as the host for the U20 World Cup. This is the fruit of mixing sports with politics. Look at now Arab countries they have established cooperation with Israel. Even though they often clash."
Israel? still playing in the palestine u20 world cup? can still play in the Asian Cup if I'm not mistaken Indonesia? What's the advantage other than there are no more demos?
"Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup. Fifa be like ""Tonight in Indonesia it will be crowded haha congratulations on your disappointment." -_ satisfied!"
"I'm happy that the Israeli u20 national team won't play in Indonesia.. but everything... how did you prepare for it before but it was canceled? Why don't you post anymore you're afraid of being insulted? Do you still dare to run for president?"
hahaha funny! After Israel's refusal to come/participate in the U20 World Cup there was a PSSI meeting with FIFA. After that it was declared that Indonesia had failed to become the host. government people yeah
it turns out that the issue of the israel national team is only a diversion because the cancellation of the u20 world cup for indonesia was the tragedy of 1o october. Thank You
"Those who refuse the Israeli U20 national team to come don't have to accompany them tomorrow. It's just not cool"
"It's great that Israel doesn't fly its flag in Indonesia to hell with U20"
"Stupid!!! World Cup bidding is difficult we have to compete with Argentina and Peru to host the u20 host it's our turn to be the host instead with ego and human interests stupid to refuse Israel why didn't Israel qualify from the start? reject."
"You were all satisfied yesterday who refused Israel to Indonesia pretending to defend Palestine if you want to defend Indonesia now the Indonesian nation is affected. Poor our young players who want to take part in the U20 World Cup their dreams have been shattered because of your selfishness"
Israel continues to compete in the U20 World Cup. Palestine continues to play the Asian Cup and those who pretend to defend other people's countries are now banned by FIFA. this republic has been whyyy from the past
indirectly those who refused even became Israel's encouragement in the u20 world cup..congratulations to israel. you already won before the match.
"The irony is that Israel who was refused continued to participate in the U20 World Cup Palestine which was defended participated in the Asian Cup Indonesia which defended itself got boomeranged and fell."
who yesterday succeeded in rejecting Israel at the U20 World Cup are also waiting for the rejection for the World Beach Games in Bali. There are Israeli athletes you know... please be rejected too... don't double standard
the reason for failing as organizer of the u20 world cup was not because of the israel team's refusal to participate in pildun. the reason is because of the tragedy of kanjuruhan.
"You refuse Israel to play in Indonesia... Israel is not bothered to play the U20 World Cup in any NGR... it's a loss to lose Rp. the loss for football lovers the loss for SMEs for world cup &amp; hotel souvenirs"
"Don't bother bringing Soekarno. Political fanatics like you are really happy that the U20 World Cup has been cancelled. We already understand how come you are laughing anyway your real goal is not because of Israel but more political goals. bullshit you all"
"Finally Indonesia was canceled as the host of the U20 World Cup! This means Israel which was rejected will still participate in the U20 World Cup in another country. Palestine which is defended is still not independent. Israel & Palestine are still at war. Indonesia is canceled has many dreams buy out bonus sanctions"
"Mas admin please indicate from FIFA's statement that made Israel's rejection the cause of Indonesia's failure as the organizer of the U20 World Cup?"
"my version of the conspiracy theory: - the u20 argentina national team failed to qualify for the u20 world cup - fifa "utilized" the refusal of the israel u20 national team in indonesia to cancel indonesia as host and then appoint argentina so that the argentina national team automatically passes"
u20 just waw in the world also seems to lack hype. the loss is that the government fails to take advantage of the momentum of economic growth. but if the new sanctions have an impact on players and staff. After all the candidate for host from 2019 who knows Israel will pass and there will be a tragedy in 2022 wkwkwk
this is the ending... is it karma?? reject u20 israel means.... reject your idol to be voted in
"Meanwhile Palestine and Israel are still competing in the WC U20 and the Asian Cup while we are cheering for success when they don't play in Indo.. what's wrong with you guys?"
also well 150th place is in the host line a lot of people want you to just sit quietly just follow the FIFA rules what's so difficult about Israel getting in because of qualification and he deserves to play in the U20 world cup children under the age of 20 he only brings legs not for war ajjg
This is PDI P's proposal for Budiman Sudjamitko in the presidential election. The voice of the mass organization disbanding. How will Israeli intelligence listen to Bali &amp; Central Java 2 U20 venues even turned it down it's hilarious &amp; that's what was whispered to fifa to dislodge Indonesia's success in embarrassing Jokowi after the Asian Games &amp; g20 is running fine
"The country owes justice for a human tragedy. 135 hny is considered a number by them. Indeed the U20 World Cup for Indonesia should have been cancelled. The Israeli case has only been used as a framing so that the public judges that it is not the country that is at fault but those who reject it. ...."
"yep. The seeds of trouble have started since Israel passed through the semifinals of the uefa u19 last June 2022. it was even bigger during the kanjuruhan tragedy. however PSSI and the Indonesian government are still confident that the u20 wc will continue. The rejections of the past few days are actually predictable at start."
"the israel u20 national team who played football were the ones who killed"" palestine or not?"
it is certain that this will happen the hopes of Indonesian football for the U20 world cup have been destroyed. It is like a pearl falling into the sea to the bottom of the sea. It is indeed great that officials and political parties refused to attend the Israeli football team in Indonesia. But the hearts of addicts of football and FIFA sanctions
officially canceled to host the u20 world cup. how do you respond?
Those who boycott the Israeli U20 team are satisfied with destroying the dreams of our U20 national team? the long preparation went down the drain in an instant
just pray for Israel to become the u20 world champion....let all of us be annoyed...
"It's time to turn clockwise.. Blame PSSI again executors of tear gas and wind.. if someone is still ignorant who blames those who reject Israel he is sure to be an ireng Zionist. Just move to Israel so you can continue to support the Israeli national team in the cup u20 world"
"You're the only one who's stupid if I don't thank your master Pak Ganjar it's cool to dare to refuse the Israeli team do another survey is it still skyrocketing? Why did Pak Ganjar cancel after Indonesia canceled hosting FIFA U20"
"I don't know anymore what do you really get from this? Are those who rejected the Israeli U20 team really satisfied with this decision."
"There is nothing about Israel in the cancellation of Indonesia being the host of the U20 World Cup. Instead there is the matter of the tragedy as the reason for the cancellation. We have been given light sanctions before uh the settlement of the case is actually messing around"
"PSSI will be non-employed maybe it will take a long time. Any league competition is nothing more than a tarkam match on August 17th thanks to the support of Mas and his fellow cadres for the Israeli team's refusal to compete in the PD-U20 thank you for making Indonesian football a village sport"
"Obviously this termination was due to the rejection of the Israeli team. FIFA really upholds fair play and strongly rejects football affairs being mixed up with politics. Don't say that Indonesia is not ready the G20 has been successful in Indo the U20 world cup isn't ready?"
The tragedy of the recommendation is the basis of FIFA's fear if the host for the U20 World Cup remains Indonesia and the Israel National Team play with the rejection of a group of people
"Just imagine how many trillions has this country spent on preparations for the U20 World Cup? From infrastructure soundtrack logos and branding and it just evaporates. It's really a bogus investment. Those who refuse Israel put a finger on it remember well."
"If it's because of the tragedy in Malang why not from the beginning of the incident. Now that the league is running there's nothing to worry about until it cancels hosting the U20 World Cup. FIFA is also not stupid to openly say because of Israel's rejection."
The one who creates pressure is demons like you stupid how come the Palestinians in Indonesia just don't mind Israel playing U20!
Issues like Israel's rejection of the cancellation of the U20 World Cup were denied by FIFA
"What if there is an Israeli team in MotoGP? Formula E? Volleyball? This is a bad address in the eyes of the world. Welcome Syrian intro. When FIFA received the Israeli team that qualified for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia they said UUD 1945. But when the place of worship was closed UUD 1945 suddenly disappeared"
I want to know who was the first person to refuse Israel's U20s to come to Indonesia
"I don't regret it and support the cancellation of the U20 World Cup because Israel rejects that if indeed Indonesia closes all Israeli diplomatic relations and it's not just a formality"
"Where is your statement of apology O Israel's refusal to the masses of football lovers who made Indonesia cancel being the host of the U20 World Cup...."
"Double standard FIFA punishes Russia for not being able to participate in the World Cup because it invaded Ukraine. But FIFA still allows Israeli Zionists to compete in the U20 World Cup. Indonesia becomes the host Israel loses to compete please compete outside Indonesia."
"Fired & those who refuse/don't get any programs that Pakdhe has fought for even though they refused Israel to play in the U20 World Cup in Nkri coz there's no nationalism they're just a face that cares more about other nations atsnm uud'45 pdhl"
"Indonesia has canceled being the host of the U20 World Cup. My previous response was that I was annoyed with my cock Palestine and Israel are having fun playing football Indonesia is too idealistic to immerse the dreams of its own nation's children! Luckily my parents still love me more than the neighbors' children!"
"In the end what was feared would happen. With the rejection of the Israeli national team and the implementation of the U20 it was moved to another country and Israel will continue to participate a very big loss for Indonesian football lovers. Goodbye"
"Indonesian football has never cleared up too much drama over Israel it just made it complicated which made Indonesia fail in the U20 World Cup. It's unclear as long as we wait for it to be banned by FIFA the basis is that it can't be encouraged to develop Indonesian football you idiot."
How are you not satisfied with the people who refuse Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup? what's still lacking?
"Previously this cancellation originated from a massive rejection polemic in the country regarding the Israel U20 National Team playing in the U20 World Cup which was held in Indonesia."
"breaking news hey how??? satisfied?? Indonesia did not host the U20 World Cup for the sake of Palestine Israel and Palestine can still play international events Indonesia???? even countries that are subject to sanctions like Russia can't just santuy play can we? don't get penalized North Korea just plays"
"Okay if that's the case the political parties and politicians who refused the participation of the Israeli National Team in the Indonesian U20 until the cancellation occurred as soon as possible we will erase from our memories. Don't vote for them. They only think about their personal and group interests."
"Well good image sir playing YouTube Ben Sunday around Indonesia while socializing under the guise of running in the morning... winginane kui ngopo tow ono statement rejecting Israel on U20? Congratulations OK... It's been canceled on U20 in Indonesia."
issue: israel enters politics u20: we reject israel because of the constitutional mandate of the 1945 constitution - world double standard fifa: russia-ukraina politics: we reject war - still double standard export import
"In my opinion there are 3 polemic polemics for the U20 World Cup: 1. The faction rejects Israel 2. The camp does not reject Israel 3. The faction thoroughly investigates the tragedy. The odd number side agrees that the World Cup should be cancelled but the reasons are different."
"To be honest sad to be honest. Personally the admin really rejects the existence of the state of Israel but this is a different event. It's really sad to see U20 children's hopes dashed just because of the political scene of a few people. Admin hopes I hope players can still go abroad. I hope there is a place where Indonesian players can -"
Bro Firzie Israel entered U20 via the European route and was able to make his first debut what's the story? tell me please
"Dear to those who rejected the presence of the Israeli U20 National Team you have robbed the hopes of dreams and football achievements after FIFA was canceled. Is it possible to get banned? Is there a solution for those who refuse?? Ganjar Pranowo I Wayan Koster PDIP and others"
"I want to ask who whispered to you so that you joined in rejecting the Israeli soccer team in the U20 World Cup was it Kadrun who whispered sir?"
"Israel continues to play the U20 World Cup Palestine continues to play in the Asian Cup Indonesia is up."
FIFA also thinks that writing israel. foreign netizens could have attacked because of the Russia-Ukraine case. haha tired ah. The point is let's pray for our U20 players. hope they are fine
"Ina's cancellation to host WC U20 because the suggestion is more digestible than Israel's rejection."
I can't stop thinking...why do the majority of Indonesian people (organizations) reject the presence of the U20 team attending the FIFA World Cup U20...? while the Palestinians feel that they are not harmed by the presence of the 9th Israel..it seems that we are more Palestinian than the Palestinians themselves..
Indonesia became the host for the U20 World Cup and they blocked the Israeli team from coming to Indonesia. while the Israeli team is indeed eligible to join this tournament. so there is a violation of fifa law. so fifa takes action to change the host and ban Indonesia from football
just a palestine u20 football coach from israel really. wkwkwkk there is something more Palestinian than Palestine itself....
"Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup not because of Israel but due to the tragedy in Malang"
"The world cup in Indonesia has been cancelled the Israel U20 National Team has not come and Palestine is sure to be independent now? hahahaha"
Come on can you move to Israel so you can still support Israel at the U20 World Cup
the u20 world cup fuss results: the israel team continues to advance the indonesian team is crossed out/replaced by palestine continues to conflict so who is the winner?..
"Thank God thank God Israel and Palestine can still play in the U20 World Cup. You just have to choose whether you want to play Israel or Palestine.. Indonesia is just a spectator wkwkwkwkwkw chuazkkk"
"I'm not a PDIP but I decided to choose Ganjar Pranowo for president in 2024 but since the blunders about Israel PSSI and the U20 World Cup were cancelled sorry I was wrong there are presidential candidates who are better than you...."
fate of Indonesia after failing to host the U20 World Cup? official indonesia cancels hosting u20 world cup tag: pssi satisfied pdip arteria ariel world cup israel indonesia commission iii bastard breaking news banned fifa
"Oh it's true because of the recommendation not because of Israel's refusal. Dear brothers and sisters if you want to compete we still apologize because you can't compete in this U20 world cup"
"Opening the embassy is already a political realm bro the same as supporting Israel to colonize. What can you do with playing football with Indonesia? After that Indonesia will return to support Israel? What if we become U20 players who already dream of playing in the world cup?"
this particular name that I mentioned is indeed the leading contender for the next president. election next year. he's like a figurehead campaign against Israel coming to play. now netizens are on fire because he is a u20 slave and keeps not being able to play the world cup.
"Actually it's sad that Indonesia won't host and play in the U20 World Cup. But it's too much for FIFA to cancel Indonesia as a host right? Anyone can comment on Israeli issues including the governor... but the president & chairman of PSSI have taken a stand and made statement why not just listen to fifa"
"Israel doesn't do anything to their opponents they are already down why only Israel even though playing in Indonesia must be really pressured but now Indonesia is banned and Israel can freely play in the U20 World Cup haha very funny"
"Indonesia canceled hosting the U20 wc yeah never mind it's been messy from the start the Israeli national team was not accepted then the venue wasn't proper either the important thing is that Indonesia's national team isn't banned by FIFA OK?
"I'm also annoyed that because of this Indonesia has been banned or can't take part in the U20 world cup but the funny thing is many reject Israel like the 212nd PKS etc. but only Pranowo was attacked heheheh"
"Israel continues to play in the FIFA U20 World Cup 2023 Palestine continues to play in the Asian Cup Indonesia is subject to sanctions a lot of money has been spent preparing for failing to play in the U20 World Cup 2023 a peak of comedy"
"We proposed 2019 and at that time we didn't know who the participants were (the logic still had to be ready because the possibility existed) it should have gone on in 2021 but because of Covid it was backwards so in 2023 in 2022 there was the U20 European Cup Israel was runner up automatically qualified for the cup world u20 indonesia"
he secretly stabbed Jokowi in the back by rejecting the Israeli national team which had the effect of Indonesia canceling its bid to host the u20 world cup
indonesia: waalaikumsaam u20 world cup israel: assalamualaikum u20 world cup
"(which seems like Indonesia didn't know before proposing to host the world cup that Israel also qualified plus maybe they just found out that Israel just passed the u20 world cup a few days ago)"
Indonesia is crossed out and Israel is sanctioned to qualify for the 2023 U20 World Cup Israel-Palestine is still at war in this country are most people smart?
"-Indonesia rejects the Israeli national team Indonesia cancels being a host and fails to participate in WC U20 and is likely to be banned (Indo's loss) -Israeli national team will continue to compete in WC U20 -Palestine national team will continue to play in the Asian Cup 2024 later -And Palestine will continue colonized by israel
"The U20 World Cup was not officially held in Indonesia. There was no mention of Israel instead what is called the October 2022 tragedy (kanjuruhan)
conveyed by president jokowi Indonesia agreed with the Palestinian ambassador that Israel's participation in the Indonesian U20 World Cup.
Yes later if Israel is the U20 world champion. palestine champions asia cup please bring the cup to the national monument
"- canceled to host a world cup-class event - canceled to compete in the world cup - Israel continues to compete - FIFA sanctions await - Israeli - Palestinian conflict continues - U20 national team brothers can only lament - thank you sir that's amazing.."
smile O Israeli rejects who indirectly reject the u20 world cup... and ask for electability polling institutions.. after this please poll again soon the results will change drastically... including my enthusiasm for supporting the presidential candidate and that party...
"Wow for your participation in rejecting the Israeli National Team in the U20 World Cup the Palestinians there are very proud and will vote for you in the 2024 presidential election."
"hmm pie yo I'm mad at Israel but what about the free tickets for the U20 World Cup as the host of Angus you're getting dizzy because the figc is getting more complicated with Fifa and Indonesia you're focusing on Qodar instead hahaha"
We support Israel to win the U20 World Cup
"Indonesia is my country.... whatever.... u20 is cancelled in Indonesia... the culprits are haikal novels wayan et al... Israel is the nation chosen by God..."
"The climax of this stupid case: Israel continues to colonize Palestine Palestine continues to participate in the 2023 Asian Cup Israel continues to participate in the U20 World Cup. Indonesia? Just gape."
I hope Israel wins the u20 world cup
"3 points in FIFA's official letter which crossed out Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup PSSI will be penalized?"
"Israel's rejection in Indonesia which led to the cancellation of Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup instead of defending Palestine against Israeli occupation actually actually dropped the trust and respect of the Indonesian people for Palestine."
"I don't know what O/ET is lobbying FIFA for. Is it a matter of the prerequisites requested by PSSI or FIFA has already failed with this drama against Israel. But I'm sorry about FIFA's decision as well as for the U20 national team. I hope the government's attitude is not seen as slow to "save"" ."
"claiming to be an underprivileged party but forbidding Israel's presence in the U20 junior world cup on the grounds of upholding the constitution. It's finally clear tonight Indonesia failed to become the host. Football is sport no.1 for underprivileged people... you know that party? your hearts 2024"
"What can Palestine get from this? Palestinians won't be praised for this either while the Israeli national team has absolutely nothing to lose Indonesia has been canceled to host the U20 World Cup"
poll! Indonesia is a strong reason to cancel hosting the U20 World Cup. tags: pssi satisfied pdip arteria ariel world cup israel indonesia commission iii bastard
"How come the u20 world cup is cancelled because of it. Humans have a small mind defending Palestine while the ambassador said it was okay for Israel to play here"
"And now the money used for various things is redundant right. Not to mention there is a potential for FIFA sanctions. Israel is still participating in the U20 World Cup Palestine is still participating in the 2023 Asian Cup. Indonesia which will also participate in the 2023 Asian Cup is threatened with cancellation due to FIFA sanctions."
"Sir you should have refused when Indonesia took part in the U20 World Cup bidding because you were worried that Israel would qualify right now?" ??? but anything for the sake of sound all is welcome"
"We have punished FIFA for not holding the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because FIFA does not respect the human rights of the Palestinian people and insists on condoning the Israeli occupation."
Israeli media reports about Indonesia canceling the host for the FIFA U20 World Cup
"Bastard! Really satisfied I think the PDIP group was rewarded by Pranowo I Wayan Koster Indonesia was banned from hosting the U20 World Cup because of Israel's rejection. PSSI is dizzy! Erick Tohir is dizzy! PDIP blunders looking for sympathy from football fans."
"With boys 17 18 19 years old who only want to play football they are afraid that it will just be crowded. What have you been doing all this time friend? Apart from rejecting the Israeli U20 national team what have you done? Has it materialized?"
"Illogical reason... if the reason is right already from the first incident FIFA was immediately executed by FIFA... fix. The main reason is Israel's refusal of course FIFA is considering the safety of the Israel U20 national team."
"sanctions stalking PSSI and Indonesian football after being removed as the host for the U20 World Cup by FIFA banned PDIP Israel PSSI arteria world cup world cup breaking news"
"The world cup was canceled in Indonesia Palestine is not independent it is still colonized Palestine and Israel are still playing in Pildun what about Indonesia? The dreams of U20 youths are thwarted and just like that excessive defense which clearly has no effect on those who are being defended."
"fifa canceled Indonesia to host the U20 world cup right because of the rejection of the Israeli national team? are you sure there aren't any other problems? he"
Indonesia officially cancels hosting the U20 World Cup Issues that are currently developing: • Israel's refusal to return to their homeland • Kanjuruhan tragedy • The venue is not ready Indonesian people are confused! tag: pssi satisfied pdip arteria ariel world cup israel indonesia commission iii bastard
"Israel's refusal to appear at the U20 World Cup by demonstrators in Indonesia is only a small part of the act of refusal. Very funny most of Indonesia supports football lovers whose demonstration is not a hobby of football"
"But I was wondering... did Indonesia actually decide to fail to host the U20 World Cup before this uproar. Eaten because of unsupported facilities or other inappropriate support. To avoid negative judgment give it a blue color so the issue of Israel Palestine was raised. "
"regarding the refusal of the Israeli national team to play in Indonesia said it took a long struggle for Indonesia to host the 2023 U20 World Cup"
"U20 world cup canceled in Indonesia Kadrun and Israeli Zionists smile together"
"I don't know FIFA doesn't give sanctions for recommendations it's already strange I don't know what FIFA's thoughts are: - 135 people die: just play football with PSSI - Israel refuses: discrimination must be banned !! just plain football fans defend U20 as if forgetting that the wind has been accused of being the perpetrator"
"Xoxo anyway if it's full you want to ban Israel from Indonesia you have to be full in all aspects this is why suddenly the U20 world cup wants to ban Israel so far there hasn't been any"
congrats your successful drun on u20 is cancelled. you are entitled to get free tickets to watch the friendly match between palestine vs israel
"Regardless of Israel's participation in U20 reflecting on the mess of Indonesian football starting at the club level organizational supporters and especially referees. There really needs to be strict sanctions from FIFA. Even though it seems slow this is how our football is portrayed."
So the current circumstances are the issue of Israel's rejection right? in my opinion there is a connection... Indonesia is not considered safe as an event organizer as big as Pildun... even though it's only U20
"Just the sanctions so that it's complete. Israel plays in the U20 WC Palestine plays in the Asian Cup we cancel both of them"
"I'm sure this is really God's scenario how come Israel can pass even though usually it doesn't pass u20 how come it can be a problem right after the 2nd month of the event... like doom"
So this is an election and people are deliberately rejecting the arrival of Israel to Indonesia even though Israel has already passed the U20 World Cup from the start but why are these people just starting to speak up now that the election is approaching so that there will be many achievements but sacrificing the dreams of the nation's children?
and those who are afraid that the israel u20 national team will come to indonesia... where are the voices?
"With the cancellation of the U20 World Cup this signifies 2 wins. - Victory for the parties who screamed the tragedy of the battle they were very enthusiastic if we canceled being the host and were subject to sanctions - victory for the parties who rejected Israel's arrival"
"Congratulations Pak Ganjar. Israel really didn't play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
"Indonesia refuses to israel forced to cancel being the host of the u20 world cup because of intolerance even though they are terrorists ruining Palestine's happiness is your turn with Russia instead of being denounced &amp; really insulted for attacking Ukraine wkwk? even though Israel is more evil &amp; you are on the side of Israel?"
"Mr. Governor of Indonesia please explain why the Israeli delegation above which has political nuances was accepted and for the U20 soccer sport it was rejected sir? Inconsistent or hypocritical?"
"Amen sir I hope you can be happy until you are old but I'm sorry sir what about those who had really hoped for it and in the end didn't play in the U20 World Cup just because of Israel's problems etc. from a young age they have been desperate and unhappy like this how can you be happy in the future hahaha"
"All the demonstrations against Israel joining U20 it's really cool I swear"
The President of the Republic of Indonesia Joko Widodo guaranteed that Israel's participation in the U-20 World Cup had nothing to do with the consistency of Indonesia's foreign policy position towards Palestine. more at: Greetings integrity.
"Mark those who refused Israel to come to Indonesia at the 2023 U-20 World Cup including PDIP the governor of Central Java rewarded Pranowo. Which caused the U20 Cup to be canceled in Indonesia. That's how politics is brought to sports."
"Bohlaaahhh my hope is that there will be a U20 World Cup tomorrow to stimulate the post-covid economy but it failed because of the anti-Israeli Israeli clubbb... your wish is!!!"
"Indeed even if there is no Israel in the U20 world cup. The reason for canceling being the host due to the recommendation is more than enough."
"Now the narrative should not be because of the Israeli team's refusal Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup but because of a tragedy."
Are you sure Israelis care about U20 Boycott? there is a scene with the judicial reform netanyahu wowkwowk
"For those who rejected Israel for Palestine who have humiliated their own nation and wasted the opportunity to host the U20 World Cup laugh now because you succeeded. Ironic. Remember the 2024 elections will pay off for you all."
governor: refuses the presence of the israel u20 team president: don't mix politics and sports. still don't know where is wrong??
"I really salute the Indonesians who are more Palestinian than the Palestinians who can make Indonesia participate in the U20 World Cup and not change Israel."
"With the cancellation of the U20 World Cup this signifies 2 wins. - Victory for the parties who screamed the tragedy of the battle they were very enthusiastic if we canceled being the host and were subject to sanctions - victory for the parties who rejected Israel's arrival"
"In my opinion: Indonesia canceled being the U20 host because it refused Israel it's fine it's fine because it's clearly not in line with the country's constitution right? If you want to play in the world cup don't expect the host line at the Asian Cup yesterday there was an opportunity why not taken?"
now what effect? maybe Indonesia is banned. Israel continues to participate in the U20 World Cup &amp; still colonize palestine
"the party that refused and the governor who refused Israel's arrival for the u20 world cup all of you your big prayers have broken the dreams of the nation's children you are truly vile !!!"
the reason is that using Israel is not strong enough.... you can say double standard as well as fifa... as a result yesterday's tragedy was used for a strong reason to cancel the U20... they already have reasons that cannot be negotiated... they don't care what's our problem... using Erik to go there also negotiating sanctions for going home
"Yes it's clear that FIFA has canceled the U20 WC in Indo it's already cringing and thinking about safety in the future with the Israeli team going to Indonesia."
"Once again this is proof that we (the natives) are being colonized by the stupid opposition. If you want to reject Israel based on the constitution in 2019 we don't have to apply to be the organizers of the U20 World Cup. The money for organizing it can help SMEs that have fallen because of the terrible PPKM"
"Shin Tae-yong has to bury his dream of appearing at the 2023 U20 World Cup. I've been working hard since 2020 for the U20 World Cup. I want to be able to continue appearing at the U20 World Cup later"" cheers coach"
maybe they thought it was like yesterday's world cup Russia was written off as a participant in the world cup due to the war with ukaina so what they hoped for wasrael to be dropped from the u20 world cup eh you know Indonesia as the host was crossed out
"Those idiots rejected Israel in the name of humanity for Palestine. FIFA canceled the U20 world cup Indonesian football was threatened with being banned. Meanwhile on the other hand Israel and Palestine are still following Pildun. I don't understand anymore it's natural stupidity."
"Fifa is really realistic Grandma chose to cancel the U20 World Cup for Indonesia because e before E Ono was a tragedy (the perpetrators of E even had the wind blowing) plus Ono's blatant refusal for the Israeli national team to play in Indo. For example E will still be held Ono Sing iso guarantee not riot?"
"If the U20 World Cup has officially been cancelled those who rejected Israel yesterday should be happy that Israel won't come. Waiting for the statement of thanks and gratitude"
"for political parties" and those who refuse Israel to compete in the u20 world cup. if the u20 cup event fails... then you will definitely destroy the dream of the young national team competing in the u20 world cup. and it feels really dog.."
"This drama has ended all of our hopes have vanished… __"
"With the cancellation of Indonesia being the host of the U20 World Cup Indonesia does not have the right to appear in the U20 World Cup because of Indonesia's participation status as the host while the Israel National Team continues to appear because its membership comes from qualifying results it's okay for the sake of pride"
"That's clearly FIFA's statement canceling the U20 World Cup because of the Israeli team's rejection so your perception is the same as accusing without evidence do you still want to be annoying?"
"Yes the context is the same as Israel if you become U20 in Indonesia then Israel will still participate after being rejected on all sides yes FIFA questions its security in essence it's the same because there was resistance at first..."
"Thank you for canceling Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup. To your Israelites who must be responsible to the football community don't admit that fans of football clubs can't differentiate between politics and sports."
national team israel&gt;&gt; preparation for Indonesia to hold the FIFA World Cup U20 since 2020.
""due to the current circumstances"" has multiple interpretations but the meaning used as an excuse is ""current conditions"" the most logical of which is because of the polemic on the many rejections of Israel's U20 that are sticking out at the moment."
"Israel continues to take part in the U20 World Cup Palestine still participates in the Asian Cup we focus on worship in the rest of the month of Ramadan"
That's why there are people who reject Israel for the u20 world cup. even though the reward already knows that it will harm one's own nation as well
"Just introspect what &amp; who's mouthing smells like dog excrement rejecting Israel. I feel like defending religion the most defending the constitution but the attitude & track record is shattered. The tragedy of the recommendation has already been processed life goes on but the cancellation of U20 is also a shameful tragedy &amp; ; could be more ""deadly"""
"The plot twist is really the support of the Indonesian people to continue to host the U20 World Cup especially if it has an impact on Israeli-Palestinian peace (even though it seems far away)"
"Yes there really is no content related to Israel's reasons for being rejected but there is a red thread from FIFA's letter. The tragedy of Kanjuruhan is considered to be the culprit that is not safe for holding WC U20 but the trigger is clear. Israel's rejection from the governor's class to the organization will definitely make FIFA think"
"Israel seems to be diverting the issue from the reason the U20 World Cup was cancelled the real reason is the tragedy of the host's preparedness."
after Indonesia was canceled as the U20 host now Palestine is officially independent from Israel. That's great. Rejection capital can solve the conflict between people's countries. for example.
"Then what happened all of a sudden? That's bullshit admin. The official song has been made the drawing is going to be done even though it's canceled because Israel doesn't want to participate. Then a new problem arose the official song was deleted then it was crossed out from the U20 World Cup host"
"Ugh there are a handful of people who have refused to allow the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup eh you both joined" and as a result they feel even more at the top because they have backing you're satisfied now I'm really tired I want to just move to Mars"
"Definitely... if the 2023 U20 World Cup is not in Indonesia and PSSI is subject to FIFA sanctions will Israel stop making noise with Palestine?"
"Who said that the illegal Israeli regime would not lose if it was refused participation in U20 in Indonesia it would be a loss because its existence was weakened and it also received social sanctions. Believe me no human being wants to be rejected and ostracized."
"miduk..loe read this yes Miduk the U20 World Cup was not officially held in Indonesia. There was no mention of Israel instead what is called the October 2022 tragedy (kanjuruhan)
PSSI pdp arteria israel rewarded fifa world cup u20
Indonesia canceled hosting the u20 world cup which is 2 months away because Israel refused to play here sjjdjjsj
"Failed to participate in the U-20 World Cup because of the politics of the elderly? Calm down treat disappointment with the latest competition. Please mas"
"The Israeli movement against playing in Indonesia does not make Indonesia more respected but instead it is even more isolated and backward. It's crazy the Indonesian national team must be really hurt. Especially the U20"
"The U20 World Cup was not officially held in Indonesia. There was no mention of Israel instead what is called the October 2022 tragedy (kanjuruhan)
"Anti-Israeli youths are laughing right now over there youths who should represent Indonesia at the U20 World Cup are crying because their dreams have been destroyed by sycophants"
logically if we let the illegal Israeli regime's football team participate in the u20 it is the same as we justify apartheid and all the crimes against humanity that have been committed by the illegal Israeli regime as if they were not crimes.
"The proof is that the white snout party's instructions to reject the U20 World Cup 2023 to protect the image so that the opponent does not brand the white snout agree with Israel to Indonesia."
"It's gone! FIFA has stripped Indonesia of its status as the host of the 2023 U20 World Cup. This is in the aftermath of a polemic against the Israeli team's rejection as a participant in the world cup by a number of officials politicians religious leaders and community organizations."
explain what your reasons are against israel playing in indonesia at the u20 wc. are you sure you understand? I am disappointed
"The replacement host for the U20 World Cup will be announced soon the competition time will also continue according to schedule. Potential sanctions for Indonesia will be announced further. Enthusiasm young Garuda"
"Why didn't you look in the mirror at the time of the tragedy luckily they couldn't witness from FIFA for example the draw for the U20 World Cup in Bali was canceled because of the rejection of the Israeli national team. The hopes of the nation's children were shattered especially the stadium builders who were willing to speed up construction 2 years ago for a world event"
"fifa unfairsupporting uefa banned russia because of the war with ukraine but decided to cancel on u20 because of the political attitude of some elites in indonesia towards israel colonizing palestine..."
I hope that your intention to reject Israel really comes from a sincere heart and supports Palestine not because you are looking for votes to become president but you are not yet a presidential candidate.
bad timeline bidding wcu20 appointed as host for stadium renovation preparations tc preparing for the rejection of israel drawing canceled crossed out as host apologize to those who made you fail to appear in the u20 world cup brothers!
"Really the grandson of a hero can't be a minion to become the USA?? Waiting for the statement John who is pro-Palestine rejects the Israeli U20 team."
"According to FIFA's media release the reason was incompetent in terms of security there was no mention of the Israeli boycott. It's sad that I passed and didn't even play for the U20 national team"
"(cmiiw) because Israel was included in the U20 participant. But unfortunately there are many who don't accept it (especially Ytta). This also has pros & cons."
"But Israel can still play in the U20 World Cup because it has passed qualification if PSSI is penalized there is a possibility that the senior national team cannot play in the Asian Cup.. while Palestine can still play in the Asian Cup.. funny beneeerrr"
"news update... the u20 world cup was canceled in Indonesia the big party and the governor opposed the presence of the israel team... maybe you are imaging and finally we are canceled it seems like before we didn't already know that israel qualified for the u20 world cup why is it only now being crowded yes"
"Apart from the massive reason for the rejection of Israel's presence security reasons and the unfinished proposal incident must have been a material for FIFA's consideration to cancel Indonesia as host for the U20 World Cup"
Israel's refusal to become a second yellow card turned into a red card (read: cancelled to host WC U20) after his first yellow card was a tragedy.
"I don't know what's going on in people's brains"" those who refused Israel only because they defended Palestine Indonesia became a victim so it was crossed out from the U20 World Cup participants well what can I do anymore people "" Indonesia is mostly stupid destroying its own country "
thank you cadets younger siblings athletes of the U20 national team who have been training and the staff behind to prepare for this world cup everything is falling apart. Israel continues to play in the world cup and Indonesia is likely to be banned in all FIFA football events.
The U20 World Cup was canceled because most Indonesians refused Israel's participation. there are considerations of greater harm than benefits especially in kamnas (national security) la tahzan....
"The U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia do we still expect a lot from mas? I think it's not. It's just the Israel issue when playing football the dreams of the nation's children are buried. Come on bro push for a new party. It's outdated and primitive."
Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup Palestine continues to play in the Asian Cup Indonesia is a country of mass organizations
"Previously I nominated you to be president but because of Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup and now it is canceled that Indonesia is the host and is lazy with you. 2024 no reward!!!!"
"wes psis keep losing now Indonesia's u20 world cup is canceled because of Israel's rejection. Indonesian football is really broken"
"Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the You 20 World Cup and the possibility of being penalized for refusing Israel to play in Indonesia means that the U20 National Team will not automatically qualify for the U20 World Cup because the U20 National Team has passed the host slot yesterday."
1. Israel continues to participate in the U20 World Cup 2. The Palestinian national team has no losses at all 3. Indonesia is threatened with FIFA sanctions 4. Palestine &amp; Israel will continue the war Indonesia will lose a lot and be full of gloom.
"Impossible for Israel Qatar to propose as a replacement for the host and for the World Cup at the senior level there is already a calculation because we know that Israel is unlikely to qualify. PSSI is stupid you already know that Israel has submitted for U20 U23 can also even though"
"I'm sorry do you mean to lobby Israel not to participate in the U20 World Cup? If yes then Israel will qualify and have the right to play according to FIFA even contrary to the 2nd point?!"
Actually there are considerations for the Israel U20 team of course they just chose not to be called
I'm glad sir that the U20 World Cup has been canceled in Indonesia because you are refusing to play Israel? Are you happy or not Mr. Wes Matei the big dreams of young people who want to appear on the world stage? happy or not sir wes gawe football people very disappointed? Are you happy or not sir are you banned by FIFA?
"fifa deletes Indonesia to host the u20 world cup after the polemic of the israel national team"
It's better if Israel withdrew from the U20 World Cup instead of canceling being the host...
"didn't play in wc u20 got penalized by fifa ostracized from world football israel still took part in wc u20 and palestine still took part in the asian cup"
yes we won sir for refusing Israel to compete in Indonesia... can we be considered nationalists sir? but it seems that after this our u20 players will hate our own country sir. disappoint you
why didn't you all reject your bidding from the start? Or don't you guys be too stupid not to know that Israel is a FIFA member and has the possibility of qualifying for the U20 World Cup? you have to take responsibility if FIFA gives heavy sanctions to PSSI &amp; Indonesia. disgusting...
"Breaking news! FIFA removes Indonesia as host for the 2023 U-20 World Cup other sanctions await the U-20 World Cup - PSSI - Mokondo - PSSI - Arterial - Ariel - PDIP - Israel - Commission III - Delinquency - Jeno Blonde"
"I thought the children of U20 Israel came to Indonesia with weapons right even though they just wanted to play football"
reasons for canceling the u20 world cup tragedy 99% israel rejection 1%
How are the figures who rejected Israel at the Indonesian U20 World Cup? nice dream huh
"You are one of the district leaders who vocally rejects Israel but does not see the hard work of the U20 children who have worked hard. Will there be compensation for those who have worked hard to train sir? Wow....... how many funds have been drained ."
and Israel will continue to take part in the U20 World Cup while Indonesia must bite its fingers
"Thank God securing the domestic league isn't done yet. Moreover Israel is coming. Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup because of the wind~"
"My own opinion seems to be that various parties think Israel won't qualify for this world cup. Eh I know they passed. But after thinking about it during the World Cup any age group can still happen. Myanmar and Vietnam have already passed the U20 World Cup in 2015 and 2017 "
"The U20 World Cup has been cancelled because of who? Whose fault is it? Yes your statement is one of them just because you want elections we will accept all the sanctions"
Palestine continues to play in the 2024 Asian Cup because it passed the U20 qualification Israel continues to play in the 2023 U20 World Cup because it passed the Indonesian qualification? get ready for sanctions
FIFA cancels the U20 World Cup but the reason is nothing about Israel's refusal. the problem is clear right?? there is shrimp behind peanut brittle
"The only ones who are sad are the Indonesian U20 National Team the Israeli U20 National Team brothers just enjoy it~"
"The budget has been spent on renovating the stadium so that it complies with FIFA regulations there is already an official anthem there is already a mascot we have provided volunteers. It keeps canceling? Even though the Israeli national team has passed as of June 2022 but it's only been busy two months after the U20 World Cup. Why ?"
"Congratulations to the bastard Kadrun Kadrun and the political people who refused to allow the U20 Israeli children to play in Indonesia. You have succeeded in making Indonesia ostracized from the world of sports.
"Yeah maybe this is for the best our young national team has lost a bridge for the club's attention"" the world's elite"
"Of course it's not called FIFA because it's no longer important for FIFA Indonesia has been canceled as host. We canceled because Israel refused to play in the U20 even though Israel entered the qualification fairly. Especially those who refused regional heads meaning there is no guarantee of safety"
"It's really annoying to read comments that basically say they (U20 national team players) know anything about Israel-Palestine politics etc. Yes they really don't know anything. They just want to play football"
"stupid statement from someone who doesn't understand football at all how are you if your child for example is a national team player and doesn't play in the U20 world cup because of people like you? who bring politics & religion to football? please you can jihad to Palestine against Israel do you dare?"
"U20 youths must bury their dreams of playing in the world cup. Palestinian defenders continue to defend Palestine Israel remains Israel. Nothing has changed except Indonesia gets a lot of sanctions. Really stupid"
do you support the israel national team not in the u20 world cup later
"The U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia the good news is that FIFA doesn't seem to be imposing heavy sanctions on PSSI. Well... let's just take it as a lesson as long as there is a country called Israel in this world there's no need for us to go ahead to host class events world."
Actually I don't like the cancellation of the U20 wc either. but I also don't like it when the reason for the cancellation is called Israel's rejection. until now there is no reason why FIFA canceled it.
reject the israel u20 national team
Imagine 2019 I'm waiting for the announcement of who the WC U20 host will be. but in the end Indonesia was chosen. to be honest I'm really happy I'm getting closer and even being thwarted by a handful of parties because of Israel.
"fuck you! The u20 world cup has already been announced from 2019 Israel has also qualified for the qualification from June 2022 while the tragedy of the announcement is October 2022. It's nothing to do with the world cup."
"politics oh politics in fact in previous events in the last 10 years there were 3 Israeli athletes competing in Indonesia: badminton athletes rock climbing bicycle racing just because the U20 wc was blown up then there was also the inter-parliamentary union (scam) held in Bali one of 110 representatives"
"If it was canceled because of the tragedy why wasn't it decided in October 2022? "
that's great israel hope israel wins the u20 world cup
"israel u20 canceled coming sir. I'm sure you're very happy"
uh I don't know if the Israel U20 team instead became a dark horse and went far in the 2023 U20 World Cup. Many stories of dark horses in this age group world cup event from teams at the senior level are not taken into account.
canceled to host the u20 national team failed to participate. Israel is still playing. double kill.
Israel will still play in the U20 World Cup while Indonesia must bite its fingers
"It's not a matter of whether or not Israel is allowed to play in the U20 World Cup with host Indonesia but FIFA's inconsistent attitude when it comes to the separation of sport and politics. The case of Russia being canceled to participate in the Qatar World Cup is clear evidence."
"The bottom line is like this 1. Indonesia bid for the U20 World Cup &amp; signed a letter of agreement to accept all participants 2. 2022 Israel passed the U20 World Cup as runner up for the U20 European Cup 3. suddenly d-2 months of the event there was a mass organization demonstration party rejection (PKS PDIP pan) and the refusal of the host governor (Bali & Central Java)."
the representative who came:: should have asked for approval with a request for a solution ...should have said yes of course.. option dicantalin=&gt; add drawing plus pro &amp; contra (israel) added field survey added game solution; discriminate added twitter u20 (nitizen62+) added respect fifa added etc
"Madrid officials & fans don't talk about the 45 constitution even in the country there are still many violations. If this is the case it's our country that's the loser. It's the country that is defended"" Normally there is no influence either & Israel is still a U20 participant.. .. want to say dirty"" so nya....aaaaaaaarrrr.."
Indonesian football lovers vs people who refuse Israel to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
the israel national team playing in the u20 world cup Indonesia also doesn't reduce my support for palestine woiii!!! kwontol is it
the u20 world cup has nothing to do with israel and community rejection. even the tragedy of the so-called kanjuruhan. hayooo ekting2 sadihh lggg qaqa
"FIFA doesn't care about uu45 declaration of independence magna charta libertatum or even the madinah charter. FIFA only plays football that's all. So it's irrational that Indonesia insists on Israel playing in U20 because it imposes politics with constitutional claims"
"u20 world cup indonesia 2021 hit by covid postponed 2022 canceled due to israel protests your fate is indonesia"
"Yeah I'm really happy that Israel failed to play in Indo congratulations thank you for your prayers the prayers of those who fight for Palestine's rights and humanity Israel failed to play in the Indonesian U20 World Cup. Congratulations again"
"Wow I'm thinking twice about going on holiday to Bali thanks to the governor of Bali who refused Israel to play in the U20 World Cup Indonesia was dropped from being the host"
"The preparation is 90% all that's left is the drawing. It's canceled because the monkeys are shouting nonsense about rejecting Israel. Blablabla.. Indonesia will forever be a joke in the international world. In fact the Japanese U20 national team coach has mocked us by saying Indonesia"
If you're smart yes the U20 World Cup is still being held but the protests are using Psywar when Israel is playing for yells or spreading posters or whatever but yeah the name Indon only looks at one side okay anyway after all a lot of people have died they're still holding big events really stupid PSSI
"No sir I mean this is a different matter... you don't want to colonize Indonesia too it's a shame it's a pity that the dreams of the nation's children want to make Indonesia proud yes one of them is joining U20. Why is Israel also going to Indonesia but participating in the world cup :(  not as Israeli citizens to Indonesia.. huhu"
"Breaking news! FIFA officially disqualified Indonesia as host for the 2023 U20 World Cup. FIFA also stated that PSSI could be sanctioned following this decision. Those who yesterday rejected Israel congratulations on your success in killing the dreams of your own country's children."
"israel u20 is cancelled sir. wow you must be happy right?"
"I don't think it's because Israel was rejected here that the World Cup didn't happen Indonesia just can't win the U20 World Cup but the money is corrupt the facilities can't be built"
"Whether PSSI or politics that reject Israel are the cause of the failure of the U20 World Cup I will not care about Pemuli 2024"
"The U20 World Cup was not officially held in Indonesia. There was no mention of Israel instead what was called the October 2022 tragedy (kanjuruhan)."
say blunders. Israel is not only about football and its U20s. It's like deliberately causing trouble for football lovers who are piled up in large numbers. do you really want to fall?
but have you ever been a banh? world cup-u20 israel pdip wcu20
"Because of the many rejections... the refusal was Israel to play in Indonesia to be precise in Bali. And also FIFA immediately made it clear that it was just moved even though it was less than a month away :(. If you want to refuse they should have rejected it during the u20 world cup qualifiers. ..."
FIFA officially cancels Indonesia as host of the U-20 World Cup
"It's really sad brooo officially the cancellation of the Indonesian U20 World Cup congratulations to you guys maybe you can get a reward for defending Palestine and rejecting Israel but don't you think about the sins you will get because of blocking people's livelihood and killing the dreams of Indonesian children?"
wkwk Palestine is snickering in the corner following the Asian Cup.. Israel still appears in the U20 World Cup..
"I predicted from the start that Indonesia would definitely cancel being the host of the U20 World Cup due to the impact of the rejection of the U20 Israel National Team the Jews should not be confronted in harsh ways that could make them disappointed and offended. They are a collection of great people geniuses and sadists !!"
"It's true. It really cares about being the host of the U20 World Cup when there is an incident related to football which takes 135 lives is considered a passing wind. Even the wind is blamed. Don't talk ""don't bring politics to the ball"". Advice &amp; Israel is a chapter of humanity  not politics."
this is catastrophic for indonesian football thank you for those who politicize football &amp; brought this disaster to Indonesian football. football politics ‼ very sad and israel will still play at wc u20
official! Indonesia cancels hosting the U-20 World Cup
"So the reason for the cancellation of the U20 in Indonesia was because of the kanjuruhan tragedy meaning security isn't it Israel?"
now the situation is that the israel national team continues to play the u20 world cup while Indonesia can only dream of participating in the world cup at any time. are you guys satisfied?
in 1958 withdrew from the world cup qualifiers because they have to host Israel. 2023 failed to host the u20 world cup because it had to host Israel.
for those of you who refuse Israel to play in the u20 world cup.
thank you especially to the parties who have refused the israel national team to play in the u20 world cup. how many people's sustenance you close. enjoy your day!
"Dogs are under 20 kids with coaches the staff have worked hard wasted energy wasted money wasted time just because of stupid officials who rejected the Israeli national team their dreams were buried you idiots."
at least the suffering of the Palestinian people is reduced because the israel u20 national team does not play football in indonesia. I hope the Palestinian people remember the services of gentlemen who have dared to show solidarity.
what's wrong with this country with Israel and Palestine not finished. be sympathetic but don't be fanatical. their history has been going back since 0 ud there was a lot of noise it seemed like they were fighting over the area. I have focused on my own country first. many SMEs have lost their jobs and U20 vendors are also dizzy about paying salaries.
"Indon's rejection by FIFA is only momentum because if you realize that Ngra football has been damaged in the last 5 years. So save your words for cursing against the Israeli national team case. This is just a little climax of the massive destruction of Indonesian football. mamam noh u20 world cup
"Until now I'm still looking for reasons for FIFA to cancel Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup is it because Israel is hell or the venue please those who know ask for info"
"breaking: fifa removes indonesia to host the u20 youth world cup. it comes after the governor of bali asked israel to be banned from participating in the tournament. brazil is in the tournament while led by a chelsea player andrey santos is on loan vasco ada gama."
"You know what hurts the most? Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup the occupation of Palestine continues."
"poor for the U20 national team players. It's really unlucky Israel has almost never qualified even though when we were the hosts they actually passed and if there was no Covid it would not have been postponed maybe it would have been better because 2021 is not a political year."
"If this happens all of you who have rejected the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team until this removal event you really don't deserve to be chosen!"
Why should Israel enter the u20 world cup bgst....
Thank you to all those who have rejected the U20 Israel National Team which resulted in this country being canceled from being the host
It has been predicted since Israel passed WC U20. it will be like this~ awikwok..
"The rejection of PKS & Islamic organizations against Israel will not cancel the U-20 because their position is not politically effective but the refusal to reward the PDIP can make party officials feel helpless if the PD-U20 fails then the PDIP and PDI are the culprits." ..!"
"nt palestine is playing in the asia cup israel is playing the u20 world cup indonesia is crying in the corner big thanks for the henchmen of trash politics"
"The feeling for the announcement that Indonesia is hosting the U20 World Cup is already from 2019 Israel is also qualified from 2022. Why is the rejection only now right now when the political year is near? If Indonesia was banned by FIFA Palestine would you like to help?"
wow....israel is a member of fifa...israel entered at u20 through the qualifying route...
Palestine plays in the Asia Cup Israel plays in the World Cup U20 Indonesia is threatened with being banned from FIFA. religious drunkenness
"Pak Ganjar Pranowo should have corrected his refusal to allow the Israeli national team to compete in the U20s so he accepted."
This is not the first time that Israel has been present in Indonesia for sports... but this U20 World Cup moment has a bigger and louder echo
Instead of not being the host of the U20 WC because of Israel's refusal it's better if those who refuse to move to Palestine are useless here too
"political trick Indonesia will be successful in hosting the WC-U20 - Indonesia was chosen as the host - before the implementation of ET became PSSI chairman - the people and mass organizations voiced their rejection of the Israeli national team (no big influence on FIFA) - there were 2 governors who officially refused (this ..."
"Those who rejected the Israeli National Team for the U20 World Cup have you never watched the film Galgadot? You're so stupid you're a joke"
"but but...Russia doesn't affect our football...why do we have to discuss double standards even though we can focus on playing Pildun-U20...life is too straight that's not good...we are banned it's the loss...Palestine ma israel can still join the tournaments we are still rioting alone these days"
"Pollenmic by the Israeli National Team at the U20 World Cup Dave Laksono asks the public not to mix politics and sports"
"The weight of the U20 World Cup will still be held in Indonesia. In the loc release FIFA previously canceled the drawing due to a letter refusing Israel's presence from the Governor of Bali I Wayan Koster."
"How come ra dhong to mas in Israel there is compulsory military service for citizens and permanent residents starting at the age of 18. So an Israeli U20 player has and will join the IDF. And the IDF is Israel's system of repression against Palestinians. It's too naive to say that they only play football  please"
It turns out that the coach of the Palestine U20 football team is Israeli. After this I was attacked come on!! - palestine/ israel - bola- u20 - ar... via
"But but but there are U20 kids who are soldiers or Israel's Zionists right? But but the trainers are Israelis aren't they Muslims too?"
Even the Palestinian ambassador has no voice and doesn't mind if the Israeli U20 national team plays in Indonesia
"Yes it's no longer the host for the U20 World Cup it's okay... Israel the colonial nation doesn't deserve to play in Indonesia. What's important is that CB continues to lobby so that Indonesia doesn't get banned by FIFA and the U20 national team can still play in Pildun."
"By the way the U20 World Cup why didn't it happen like that? Sorry to say that those who rejected Israel were like an exaggeration weren't they? Teu Pira just hitched a ride to play football it won't take long it doesn't invite war either besides Palestine is fine too right? israel is playing in indo eh this is actually sacrificing its own country"
"Don't discuss history Indonesia is subject to sanctions the U20 World Cup will be moved and it will continue Israel will continue Palestine will continue to participate in the Asian Cup do you think Palestine will withdraw from the Asian Cup? No bro this country is left alone watching the two countries play ball"
"Infrastructure funds have been wasted to facilitate the U20 World Cup the national team players are already happy and hope to play on the world stage uh it failed just because of Israel awikwok"
"Then if we stick with our position we can play the U20 World Cup? Israel won't be playing? Think about it. If the world cup is moved Indonesia won't be playing but Israel will still be playing what we have is sanctions of being ostracized. Besides what will happen if we are stubborn reject israel hadeeeh jancoklah"
added it means that the narrative of Israel's rejection is still lacking in the field of conflict resolution mechanisms to find a middle ground or a mechanism for how Israel's rejection will be carried out. whether with 100% refuse wc u20 or still with some middle ground.
Even the Palestinian ambassador doesn't mind if the Israel U20 national team competes in Indonesia..because the ambassador knows better what's going on in his country (Palestine)..
football don't mix with politics wkwk. it's true it's not a problem I want U20 to continue with Israel it's okay. it doesn't matter if it doesn't continue it's just weird if Russia and he are boycotted but Israel isn't. are we so western now?
This is input for CNN as well. The CNN interviewer should study the literature before inviting people to talk shows/political shows. for example the affairs of the israel u20 team..do you first find out how many citizens apply for visas to enter israel each month..study that first.
soon again! Indonesia was banned by FIFA for Israel's rejection at the FIFA U20 World Cup
"It's a failure if it's true that the U20 World Cup is canceled only because of Israel's rejection. Athletes stadium renovation workers Shin Tae Yong's coaching team who have prepared everything for the U20 World Cup will fail in vain if it's really cancelled."
"Yeah you know what I mean it's just an uproar rejecting Israel... even though Palestine itself doesn't have a problem with Israel's participation in WC U20... and Palestine doesn't protest because they also understand because Indonesia as the host follows FIFA's orders it has nothing to do with another"
"If Indonesia fails to become the host of the U20 World Cup if the Israeli national team refuses to come try to tag anyone later for example running for regional head when you are campaigning in your cities your cities put up lots of banners along the way with the words keep on cheering for nepi keuna mentally"
"Wkwkwkwk.. at the U20 World Cup it's not a matter of respect. Whether you want to respect Israel or not is up to you the important thing is to respect Israel's rights to appear at the U20 World Cup safely! Those are 2 different things!"
"I support the U20 World Cup in Indonesia with or without the Israel U20 national team."
Wow did Israel qualify for the U20 world cup diksh fifa or a gift from FIFA?
Indonesia can get rid of Israel if it can invite more than 2/3 of the U20 World Cup participants to withdraw if Israel plays like continental Europe and its American allies order Russia to be disqualified. can?
"I have called Gianni to cancel the U20 in Indo the safety of the Israeli team is more important I don't want another tragedy and it will tarnish Indo. Thank you"
"Your Excellency CNN I ask: don't thousands of Indonesians come to Israel/Jerusalem every month apply for visas from Israel shop for Israeli goods... uh when Israel wants to play football here suddenly they are refused. Hypocrite don't be serious I'm asking"
will remain perpendicular to the president? how to say perpendicular? isn't the u20 world cup a program of the government (president jokowi) who wants the success of organizing the u20 world cup? if you have rejected the israel team does it support it?
on the other hand there could be unscrupulous extremist groups preparing bombs and missiles. if israel continues to play in the u20 world cup. rejecting israel is not politics but also a risk of defense and security.
"Just wait what is the reason for canceling U20? If the reason is Israel's refusal there are also people who refuse really. Especially those who use the issue for the interests of the group it's good for all of you."
"I'm a bit disappointed with the U20 national team's statement how do you want Israel to compete in pp and candies? It's also not allowed to raise the flag and sing the Israeli national anthem in all regions how do you want to play it? Suggestions from the giveaway route it's better to immediately cultivate skills for the achievement track"
"Don't play politics and look for sympathy for votes by playing the issue of Israel and Palestine at the U20 World Cup instead it looks stupid because you can't distinguish between politics and sport.."
"This is football not politics!! So it's very funny if someone says that it was PSSI who invited the Israeli national team to Indonesia to take part in the U20 World Cup PSSI was only the organizer and Israel also went through a qualifying bank to qualify"
"If you don't like Israel you shouldn't be rejected. Let him compete in the U20 World Cup. When he competes all the citizens are watching TV there he is off guard you can attack his country."
Team Palestine and Team Israel are laughing at your comments in a corner! while the young people of the U20 Indonesian national team were crying.
"just reverse: all U20 World Cup participants play in Singapore (or Australia) only Indonesia plays in Indonesia. Don't you agree? The important thing is Israel doesn't play in Indonesia!"
"If the U20 World Cup is scheduled to be held in 2021 chances are that there won't be any major obstacles. The World Cup being held this year is complicated because it's close to the election. The party doesn't want to be a target if Israel takes part in the world cup. They could even be labeled a disobedient child."
"Just exchange the host for the same at U17 while Peru withdrew from hosting at U17. At U17 Israel did not qualify. So at U20 give it to another country for the host."
Please watch this for those who still refuse Israel to play in the u20 world cup.
then if the u20 world cup is canceled who will lose? We. from why the country is good to the dreams of the nation's children. then does the israel and palestine war stop? if we are sportsmanship to the opponent does not mean we are on his side. it's actually the motivation for us to beat him
"There are still hypocritical buzzers + lots of religions shouting about the constitution & humanity on this U20 issue. Even though there are still many other colonial issues suffering from war is still a lot etc. Don't talk about Yemen's children?! just fuss about Israel more because of hatred originating from verses religion. can!"
"My feeling we are still hosting the U20... the Israeli national team is playing in Singapore"
"hahahaha. It should be bold like that? btw there are also other issues out there that make FIFA not yet clear about WC -U20 Indonesia. Do you know what that is? You should know. BTW I think Pak Wayan Koster is a visionary he knows. implications of accepting Israel
"The Mayor of Solo Gibran Rakabuming has openly admitted his reasons for not rejecting the arrival of the Israeli National Team to compete in the U-20 World Cup which is planned to be held in Indonesia"
"rejects the israel team from participating in the u20 world cup deputy chairman of the mpr brings up soekarno's commitment: the constitution..."
"u20 stays in ri but israel plays in tel aviv..."
"The U20 Israel National Team statement by Pak Ganjar is enough to convince me who is pro-central program and the aspirations of young Indonesians for the World Cup that they will not be subject to sanctions/moving places because hypocrites cannot distinguish between sports and politics I hope the PDIP will not nominate Ganjar"
Israel's U20 Football National Team it's better to compete online so it's like the Ioi Israel team
"Russia doesn't want to play with him so FIFA forbids it. If Israel wants to be treated the same by FIFA at least 10 countries participating in the U20 World Cup refuse to play with Israel FIFA will ban Israel from participating in the World Cup because no one wants to play with them."
"Try to ask why yesterday what happened against the Israeli U20 team?"
Jokowi's full statement about Israel being rejected at the 2023 U-20 World Cup in Indonesia.
"If for example rejecting Israel it's not fair that they have already passed the qualification they have the right to play in WC U20 Indonesia is only the host not the organizer."
"The people I'm the boss and even then I know after a conversation on a TV station where the source revealed that there were Israeli athletes outside U20 football who were excited. Since the boss has read it give me the news link."
"Whether Indonesia agrees or not about Israel in the U20 World Cup I still can't stop thinking about people who break their fast when they eat fried food without peanut sauce."
"How come people are comparing the tragedy of the nomination and the rejection of the Israeli national team. It's clearly different. The tragedy of the recommendation still needs to be thoroughly investigated. The guilty must be brought to justice but the fact that FIFA did not ban Indonesia must also be accepted. The u20 world cup was prepared long before the tragedy."
a good sign I hope that no one will stand in the way if necessary prepare special security for Israel so that no groups interfere or carry out acts of terrorism so that the u20 world cup is safe and successful
whether you want to blunder or not what is certain is that Mr. Ganjar's actions have saved Indonesia and the U20 World Cup is still taking place in Indonesia with Israel's participation..just look at the game date..
"I chose the Israel U20 national team to come to Indonesia... because of the nation's children especially football players. Don't let their dreams of competing in the international arena have to be buried deep" "just because people make trouble without thinking about the impact on Indonesian football players"
"Anyone who is more Palestinian than Palestinian rejects the Israel U20 team read and keep that in mind. Before defending anyone defend yourself first defend your country. Don't be a lazy tired hero. Where will all football activists under the auspices of PSSI go if FIFA drops sanctions? think!"
after all the Palestinian ambassador himself has no voice &amp; shield by hamas
"I'm also pro-Palestine but at least I can still think clearly so that politics and sports don't get mixed up. Rejecting Israel's arrival to the U20 World Cup competition what's in it for Palestine? What's in it for Indonesia?"
"From his speech the president came out: 1. Indonesia continues to fight for Palestinian independence 2. Separate sports especially football from politics. 3. The U20 World Cup still has the Israeli national team. That's the only point I don't understand the president's belief that Indonesia is still the host."
"U20 in Indonesia should be used as a momentum to open diplomatic relations with Israel to talk again about Palestinian independence."
Gibran's attitude is different from other PDIP cadres regarding Israel in the U20 World Cup: we are waiting for Erick Thor
Just now it's a bit late to respond to the issue of Israel... I don't see any comments about the U20... just chill... aka just accept it... so just now the turmoil is building a position like what image trdhp the Palestinian issue wkwkwkwk
"Joko Widodo spoke about the polemic on the 2023 U20 World Cup which Indonesia plans to hold in the middle of this year. He said that the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup will not affect Indonesia's attitude towards Palestine."
not to mix political affairs with football but it's just weird isn't it. Israel was rejected outright by FIFA until it intervened. Russia is looking for faults. if you take part in another country's competition in ancem... weird....
agree that FIFA's unfair attitude is the root cause of the u20 world cup football mess. don't let fifa become a tool for israel to make the world recognize the existence of israel.
let's vote again.. what do you think about Israel participating in the U20 World Cup Indonesia.
"Dear ladies and gentlemen. I hope you read my tweet. Did you know that the Israeli team contingent has visited Indonesia many times through sports? Even last year there was one. Did you stage a protest like the U20? If so please show it to me OK? . second..."
"*repost so that you understand better.* .._*"" add insight so that you are smart..! now in Indonesia they are busy refusing the Israeli U20 national team to come to Indonesia.*_ *these are the facts from the interview with Mas Permadi Arya watch it so you are smart. .!!!*....."
Ganjar Pranowo was considered a blunder by his attitude in rejecting the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup
woe... indeed Indonesia by accepting Israel in the U20 competition can disobey the constitution.. your eyes are tired. this is the sport of agreeing with the ball which has a very large impact.. imagine if FIFA sanctions or revokes membership then what will happen
Most of us Indonesian people don't have a problem with Israel playing in Indonesia. because then the dreams of the nation's children in the u20 national team will not be hindered !!
"FIFA cancels Russia's participation in WC Qatar because it "attacks" Ukraine. FIFA should also expel Israel from WC U20 because it colonized and slaughtered the Palestinian people. For the sake of humanity the Ummah party asked Jokowi to urge FIFA to cross Israel from the U-20 World Cup "
to be safe..... even though his supporters hope that Anis will also speak out against the Israeli u20 team....
You play politics but don't interfere with u20 football. they are potential young people of the nation don't let them down. Please play international politics so that Israel obeys you
"aahhh kiddo you know what mobile legend is getting to the u20 world cup final is also from a giveaway not because of achievement... palestine is more important than a football match against keb israel.... sueeeee"
"I support Israel playing in the U20 world cup... because they deserve it... they are the runners-up in the Euro qualifiers"
"This tweet is not about u20 football or Israel. That is up to you. This tweet intelligently shows the failure of leaders in placing the scale of priorities & taking responsibility for the mistakes that resulted in the loss of 135 lives. We will not forget."
basically reject the presence of the Israeli u20 footballer in my country Indonesia for whatever reason !!!!
"If you submit the request that Israel not use its national symbol or even be expelled from U20 will be immediately acceded to. In fact yesterday was immediately rejected and the host of the World Cup was immediately revoked awokwokwok"
Thank you for the official speech/statement from Mr. President about the rowdy rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team at the You 20 Indonesia World Cup. I hope Indonesia can successfully host the You 20 Indonesia World Cup.
"What are the benefits for the people in this case? Seriously don't ask because the pros and cons of U20 Israel are like this in communication. What the people need is results not this prof"
"Guess" "If the Israel U20 team competes in this phenomenal stadium what will happen???"
make a poll. Do you agree that Indonesia will accept Israel in the 2023 U20 World Cup? try whether the result is the same as the loser
israel u20 vs indonesia u212
"It's strange even though many netizens have warned that Israel has passed the U20 WC but the government is not fast enough to take a stand."
"Support the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Israel will come or not it's up to you."
"""Indonesia must focus on hosting the FIFA World Cup U20 properly without the Israel National Team"""
"As much as I'm looking for information and references reciprocal attacks between the two parties are not Israel and Palestine but between Zionists and Hamas. zionist member?
"Yes remind Mr GP to comment like this above. Prioritize the interests of this nation. If U20 is cancelled the big loss will be Indonesia not Israel nor Palestine. Be careful when commenting. Don't be easily swayed you must have a firm stance check and recheck"
how do you respond to the results of your poll ... do you think there is no shame or not ..? The Palestinian people don't mind if the Israeli National Team takes part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia...why are you so angry...?
"I'm also a Christian madam but there's no need to extend to religion. That will make things confusing. Because football doesn't limit religion. The striker for the Israel U20 team is a Muslim."
"The one who should be laughed at is you Indonesia won the bidding to host the U20 World Cup since October 2019 while Israel has qualified for the 2022 U20 World Cup."
president jokowi gave a complete statement about the chaos between the israel national team and indonesia the host of the u20 world cup
if the president says yes PSSI says yes then what's the problem Israel doesn't want to come? the problem is in israel or the regime is at a loss to take care of the u20 world? there who held the tender there who said it could uh there are those who are confused ??? bath with 7 kinds of flowers.
"Save our soccer coordinator Akmal Marhali believes that Indonesia will not be hosting the U-20 World Cup. According to him the rejection of the Israeli national team contains political elements and FIFA is very against these things"
let's pray for Pak Jokowi so that his lips are droopy and he can't fart. Pak Jokowi took the initiative to organize the U20 World Cup with Israel as one of the participants.
3. case u20. If Indonesia builds communication with all the U20 participating countries with 1 vote rejecting the game vs Israel. case will be the same as Russia. fall by itself. maybe Israel won't come.
Can Israel play in the U20 World Cup Indonesia?
"That's why I propose the question: if not for theological reasons what losses will Indonesia receive if it accepts the Israel U20 National Team to the U20 World Cup? If Israel is the key word why is the relationship between Indonesia and Israel never a problem? Why football?"
Your mob is confused because Israel refuses to take part in the U20 world cup at JKT while being a party officer desperately defends Palestine
"Israel has been confirmed to have passed the u20 since October 2022 (correct if wrong). Why don't you prepare for problems like this since Israel has been confirmed to have passed? Make sure each region accepts or doesn't don't wait for crowds. If the region (host) refuses look for options from long time papua cake."
"Iq squat the novel is very extraordinary if on this campus you can satara cumlaude iq squat. Imposing national ideology to the nation of people. Even the Palestinians feel free when Israel joins the U20 world cup. By the way sis we are having a promo. gipal want sis?"
knpi: indonesian youth national committee vs indonesian youth football lovers which one do you choose Indonesian youth? the israel u20 national team came to indonesia as a participant in the u20 world cup:
"from the data collected by the team for the keywords ""israel"" and ""palestine"" while issuing themes that have nothing to do with the u20 world cup about 79% refused for theological reasons. only 9% refused because of humanity (and offend recommendation).
welcome u20 israel....
"If there is any indication that PDIP officials are behind Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup by Mr. Ganjar Pranowo which has the effect of angering Ganjar Pranowo's constituents for me this is like trapping the king of the jungle. But yeah wallahualam...."
how come there is no smell about the israel u20 football team?? what are you doing woiiii??
"profile of ahmed salman a footballer of arab descent who defends the israel u20 national team"
Yes that's it... I'm also really surprised. the Palestinian ambassador also supports the Israeli team to play in the U20 World Cup why in Indonesia it's even more complicated. more Palestinian than the Palestinians themselves. don't destroy the dreams of the nation's children who want to play at u20
"Jokowi guarantees that Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup has nothing to do with the consistency and position of our foreign policy towards Palestine. Pak Mahfud Ahmad Dhani President Joko Widodo PDIP Indonesia 1 elementary delinquency"
"Disappointed! After Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia the Garuda national team players reveal a deep message"
"I criticize Gibran and Jokowi's support for the Israel U20 national team the buzzer and their supporters are peeking at my timeline... you don't need to find out about me... what is certain is that I have different views and principles that are not in line with football supporters. k-pop supporter
President of the Republic of Indonesia Joko Widodo (Jokowi) guaranteed that the participation of the Israeli national team in the 2023 U-20 World Cup was not related to the consistency of Indonesia's foreign policy towards Palestine
"the israel u20 national team made indonesia commotion what about the opinion that says: because of politics the dreams of young people and millions of football lovers in indonesia are sacrificed in order to defend another country namely palestine... the children of this nation cry..for the sake of the children of other nations"
"just wasting money on useless business trips asking for u20 without israel?"
If you oppose colonialism it hurts more like carrying out a psywar to Israel than canceling the WC U20.
"The totality of the Mayor of Solo Gibran Rakabuming Raka to fight for the U-20 World Cup to be held in Indonesia is increasingly visible"
Indonesia hosts the U20-2023 world cup. Israel will not compete in Indonesia. Alhamdulillah...
I don't know why the Israel U20 is just being discussed now
I hope the u20 world cup will be.. Indonesia is in 1 group with Israel
"What is the importance of the You 20 World Cup? Only defending Israel's entry into Indonesia? even though our own country does not recognize its sovereignty? The u20 hype must continue to be like this? Just swallow your own spit where is the dignity of the nation??? Gadein? "
"we have finished the event so the u20 world cup will still be held in this country. &amp; so the 2 governors who rejected the Israeli team Koster vs Pranowo"
"Erick Thorhir asks for prayers from the people of Indonesia so that his steps in lobbying FIFA regarding the U20 World Cup in Indonesia are colored by the rejection of several parties for the involvement of the Israeli team in this event. Good luck sir for the future of the nation's children"
"Most of the supporters of course reject the U20 Israel National Team competing in Indonesia. There's no need to talk about the Presidential Decree in my opinion."
Indonesia won't even end if Israel plays at U20 in Indonesia
Deputy mayor of Palembang refused to allow the Israeli national team to play at the Jakabaring Stadium during the U20 World Cup
still looking for the best solution means there is still no agreement right?? If it's ok you don't need to go to FIFA the best solution is to just talk about the U20 Israel Ilut match as a participant and there are no other conditions everything is the same as other countries.
"firmly rejects Israel's U20 in Indonesia DPD IMM South Sumatra Jasmerah remembers history"
"It's not easy to host the U20 World Cup there is a long process said Pak Moeldoko. Hopefully soon there will be a solution regarding the rejection of the Israeli national team in Indonesia."
That's if you want to withdraw Ganjar supporters who are disappointed with Ganjar's statutes who are also rejecting Israel's U20 even though I am disappointed with Ganjar's rejection and don't support Ganjar sorry I have banned it if Caplin is also a sycophant
"Indonesians sometimes feel that they are more Palestinian than the Palestinians themselves. Rejecting Israel is permissible as long as it doesn't destroy the dreams of our own nation's children. If for example the U20 World Cup is canceled only Indonesia will lose. Israel and Palestine will still participate we will only bite our fingers."
"After seeing the comments against Israel playing in Indonesia in the U20 World Cup most of them refused to use the argument for the opening of the 1945 Constitution. Independence. Not because you don't like the PSSI chairman right friends? What is clear is that everyone loves America right? "
"israel competing in u20 world cup jk: positive signal to talk"
inconsequential .. genefo is by invitation not a qualification process. Is Israel U20 membership really at the invitation of the Indonesian government?????
"The engagement on the topic of the U20 World Cup involving Israel is really high and sexy right that's why it's still being discussed a lot"
how to support israel in the u20 world cup .... convey your support in an orderly manner without ridicule ....
"Never mind uncle. It's a blunder just admit it's a blunder. If you reject the Israeli national team just push the government to resign as the u20 host & leave FIFA. You don't want it right? PDIP plays 2 legs."
"no need to give advice like that...shame on the world.....mui offers a solution: u20 stays in ri but israel plays in singapore download opera news for more good news!"
"Football is still related to politics... maybe in certain circumstances. If I'm alone there's no problem with the U20 Israel National Team coming and playing in Indonesia. I just want to play ball for about a month or so. If you win if you lose in the group you'll go straight home."
wow... you idiot!! Indonesia did not invite Israel to compete in U20. This is FIFA's agenda that must be obeyed by its members. redeem it's the brain that you're leasing right... so your reason goes.
same cry. u20 national team player - if you fail to host Palestinian children - their parents are massacred by savage Israel family tragedy - family members die because the wind carries tear gas
"After rejecting the Israeli national team Ganjar Pranowo was blasphemed by netizens this is why!: Into the public spotlight after he refused the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup the governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo was blasphemed."
settings so that it is crowded because games like this are more crowded than posting the U20 World Cup on Israel
"I give as many opportunities as I want to poll you can do it as many times as you want if the results are many who choose to reject the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia I will also reject it"
"Isn't it that before the U20 World Cup was held many Israeli athletes came in and out of Indonesia why was the U20 World Cup crowded?"
"I give as many opportunities as I want to poll you can do it as many times as you want if the results are many who choose to reject the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia I will also reject it"
"How is it that Israel's participation in U20 is not a political matter? Everything related to global conflict is politics sir. In fact all state life is a political matter. Especially about Israel. How about this gentleman."
"The problem is not only Israel the countries that took part in the U20 World Cup whose militaries are now attacking other countries. There are Saudi Arabia America Turkey too. Please also reject these 3 countries. If you really want to stand firm against colonialism break diplomatic and trade relations with them as well. ."
"If the Israel U20 National Team comes Indonesia will not end"
"That's all bro in the morning you will go to the Palestinian embassy and ask for confirmation that Palestine and Israel are actually in conflict okay? Spy is clearer... because the Palestinian ambassador is slow and doesn't mind if the Israeli U-20 national team plays in Indonesia. Are you sure? Is there a territorial conflict?"
"As long as it's not the end of the world Israel will still be there. If now gives in in the future every time there is an event Israel will continue to make a fuss??? if u20 is cancelled the effect will be really bad for Indonesia!"
"Those who took part in the U20 World Cup whose military is carrying bombs in other countries are not only Israel. There are America Saudi Arabia Turkey too."
bro and sis who are the most tolerant.. like this... Israel's rejection of the u20 world cup is not only because of a religious problem... it's a humanitarian problem... football and sport are about uniting people.. you can't separate them... this isn't the problem of intolerance.. open your heart and clean your brain..
the israel u20 national team is training inside the palestine al aqsa mosque.
There are a number of parties who deliberately cornered Erick Thor by refusing the Israeli team to participate in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. even though the authority to determine the participants is in FIFA. pssi is only the organizer. you haters make no sense.
israel national team at u20 world cup
"Hadeh is having one stove... what's the point of trying to reject Israel at U20 Indonesia will lose it bro"
russia failed to appear at the world cup yesterday.. yes.. just yesterday.. the reason is russia expanded to ukraine.. ehhh... Israel which expanded it has not already been in Palestine how come it can still enter the u20 world cup.. strangely.. it's still there who pretends to be the most tolerant of defending Israel.. wkwkwkwkwk...
So if that's the case just do a demonstration at the Palestinian ambassador..the Palestinian embassy doesn't mind if the U20 Israel National Team plays in Indonesia anyway..the Palestinian ambassador knows better what conflict actually happened in Palestine
Isn't it a shame that the screams refused. nas u20 israel.
after this I was attacked‼ come on!! - palestina/ israel - football- u20 - ar... via
". 1000 support Pak Jokowi's stance. Politics and sports in relation to the U20 World Cup are state politics which are the domain of the president of the Republic of Indonesia not practical politics. There is no violation of the constitution because Israel is not an invitation from the Indonesian government."
"Plt Menpora: *) Without the U20 World Cup it will not end *) asked Et to stick to the constitution in lobbying FIFA *) Israel is an enemy (??) Sir you need to evaluate the Acting Menpora it seems he doesn't pay attention to the president's directives."
"seeing israel like this welcoming him to fwc u20 isn't too bad"
I mean not the stage itself bro but the stage for the Israeli U20 issue...
"I'm not a supporter of the presidential candidate I'm just a mas2 up supra x thank God since kindergarten I've gone to school in a religious environment the tambourine competition is just a cover of the Palestinian song by Nasidaria but for the context of the U-20 world cup please come the Israeli U-20 contingent."
"Agreed 1000 percent with sir. It has nothing to do with Indonesia's attitude towards Palestinian independence with Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup. The president's attitude is state politics in relation to football not the attitude of political parties or mass organizations."
the solution is easy... the u20 world cup will still be played in indonesia. especially the match that is held in Israel then the match can be held in JIS. the point is just there thok... for the stage...
who dares to sarcastically support being a walkot? You should protest or criticize the GP and PDIP who also rejected the U20 Israeli national team to Indonesia.. but how dare you have the guts try Mr. Anies who has refused to speak loudly for years you don't stop attacking him..
the israel u20 football team is a member of fifa and passed through the qualifying round. nothing can prevent the israel u20 football team from taking part in the u20 world cup especially just the pdip party....maybe those who are a little smart can defend palestine but don't be stupid
"It turned out to be wrinkled and his hair turned white thought how to reject Israel in u20 ea..."
"Hopefully it will be the U20 World Cup in Indonesia in 2023 the participation of the Israeli national team has nothing to do with the consistency of Indonesia defending Palestine. From the start the party fully supports the successful U20 Cup in Indonesia"
sane people clearly support israel joining u20
"Jambu Manies sports have been brought into politics. Oh it's true let the Israel U20 team play. If the Indonesian team can meet and win against Israel that's great. Instead of just talking."
"Bringing in Israel (U20) is tantamount to supporting murder and terrorism said one Real Madrid fan"
"Occupation has many forms on this earth why must it always be hard on Israel and Palestine which may not necessarily have a direct impact on us colonizing the dreams of our own youth to develop in my opinion also colonizing their developmental period (u20)"
"For example if it is held the combined Indonesian National Police should secure the U20 WC especially when Israel is playing. I'm sure the National Police know something that hopefully won't happen"
hahaha about israel at u20 at the koarkoar turn of the tragedy of the call to silence
after this I was attacked‼hayuk lah!! - palestine/ israel - bola- u20 - arya sinulingga - podcast
Don't use stupid excuses for Russia to reject the Israeli national team on March 9 2022. Russia was crossed out by FIFA in the European Zone qualifying playoff for Path B due to the invasion of Ukr February 24 2022 &amp; its status has not yet passed as a participant in the world cup... it is different from Israel which has already passed as a participant in the u20 world cup
OK why isn't there news of rejection in 2022 when Israel enters the U20 World Cup? (July 2022) or protest Indonesia set to host?
"The editorial is not correct. Maybe it fits like this do you agree if the Israel U20 National Team comes to Indonesia? (may / may not)"
"then if the u20 world cup is successful it will be the end.. distinguish between politics and sports.. the Palestinian problem.. it's clear in the Koran.. if Israel and Palestine are peaceful then the end is over.. you're ready.."
This is part of the Minister of Foreign Affairs number 3 of 2019. How do you enter Israel as a WC U20 participant without violating this rule?
"What are you talking about?? If you don't know the difference between politics and sports it's better to just keep quiet. The Israel National Team came to Indonesia not as an invitation from Indonesia but because of the results of the U20 qualification. All participants who have qualified for the U20 have the right to take part in the U20 World Cup championship."
"A man's viral story about Israel's polemic at the U20 World Cup how... through"
"This is just the U20 World Cup they have passed the qualifications... what if the Olympics will be attended by almost all countries in the world including Israel... try to hide"
"a blind panic blunder of Sukarnoism. Rejecting Israel for the sake of Palestine by humiliating their own country canceling the hosting of the U20 World Cup."
"U-20 World Cup President Jokowi asks not to mix sports with politics at the U-20 World Cup Israel Bawaslu"
"den Mr. Anies is focusing on thinking about this nation to make changes for the better.. let the u20 world cup be the volunteers who comment it's useless to follow your misguided narrative right now the buzzersrp are on the move very stressed because their idol actually supports rejecting the israel national team .."
"Israel is trying to gain international recognition as a country through the U20 World Cup are you ready to replace Bali when solo? Where do you study history bro?"
Plt Menpora Muhadjir Effendy said he had communicated by telephone with regional heads who rejected the presence of the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup.
don't bring the world of politics into sports... and also don't spoil the dreams of Indonesian children playing in the international arena such as the U20 world cup in Indonesia only Israel has passed the world cup playing in Indonesia. sad thought...
"I've been lazy to see since the issue on U20 was canceled because of the rejection of the Israeli national team I'd rather be abstaining from choosing this person"
"U20 Israeli players there are 2 Muslim players..why is it the religion that is being fussed over....it is customary for Indonesians to be asked first for their names second what their religion is..."
I hope the U20 world cup will continue in Indonesia with the Israeli Timnans participating... this is sport not politics
"If the Israeli U20 team comes the angel army's will surely protect it. They know who walks before them they know who walks behind them. The god of angel army is always by their side. Janfan chooses a leader who can't distinguish between politics and sports."
This kid is smarter and wiser in the way he thinks about the Israel U20 national team.
the coach of the Palestinian u20 national team is Israeli boss.. There are Israeli national team players who are Muslims too boss.. here I see how come you are more Palestinian than Palestinian right?? there healthy???
"Agung Manik Danendra (AMD) called Koster-Ace a loss for Indonesia rejected the Israel National Team in the U20 World Cup in Bali through"
whatever the result I still support Pak Erick. keep spirit sir. I support the israel national team competing in the u20 world cup in Indonesia
"colonialism must be abolished yes I agree but bro Israel doesn't want to colonize cmon ate tanding nde international events. And fortunately Indonesia was appointed host even though it's u20 thank goodness"" good service  can be appointed to host the senior world cup.."
"The shock at Israel's shouts of rejection. Israel escaped in the middle of last year why is it only now crowded? Yesterday the terrible tragedy in Malang was swift blind. Shouting to protect Palestine from colonization instead forgot about its own situation. Sweet dreams for the U20 national team"
We Christians have a massive action this week to welcome Israel's arrival come to Vipa U20
This is really fighting for it but why is it protesting only now not last year after Israel passed the U20 World Cup where are you going?
Israel u20 team captain what is his religion??
"When the secretary general of a party has spoken then he represents his party. As usual politicians will use the winged sentence ""do not support the u20 world cup but reject fifa double standards"" meaning what? the world cup may appear but not with israel."
I hope Israel will win the u20 world cup
this is the cause of the Israeli controversy at the u20 world cup
"Those who reject Israel/on U20 are few but it's just noisy * if you only look at this 2x survey"
President Joko Widodo responded to the polemic against the rejection of the Israeli national team in the 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Jokowi guaranteed that Israel's participation was not related to a conflict in the consistency of foreign policy. tws
"Really we want to reject Israel's arrival while Palestine itself supports it. Don't destroy the dreams of the nation's children because of the protests of the Indonesian people. Imagine how much the country will lose because of the cancellation of the U20 World Cup"
"If the FIFA World Cup U20 fails to be held in Indonesia we will replace the Viva Cup U20 I can assure you that Israel will not participate. Guaranteed."
Save Indonesian football in the midst of the polemic against the arrival of the Israel U20 national team we as Indonesian citizens should support the arrival of the Israel U20 national team to Indonesia to participate in the FIFA World Cup U20 Championship.
"That's what all the player teams are suggesting. All the teams are proposing for Russian tires. In the case of U20 Indonesia is only the host if it's based on Indonesia's domestic policy yes you can't drive FIFA at most FIFA is looking for a new host if not Israel will definitely sue FIFA if it gets to their tires."
the polemic over the participation of the Israeli national team does not only have an impact on the cancellation of the 2023 U20 World Cup draw in Bali. erick thohir to fifa we pray for erick
"FIFA is also aware of the rejection of the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup" said President Joko Widodo to FIFA we pray for Erick.
"Zuhair Al Shun understands that as a member of FIFA Indonesia must comply with applicable regulations. Therefore he will not find a problem if the Israeli national team participates in the 2023 U20 World Cup competition. Erick Thohir to FIFA we pray for Erick"
Meanwhile the polemic regarding the participation of the Israeli national team has had an impact on the holding of the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia. erick thohir to fifa we pray for erick
"a number of rejections against the israel national team made fifa cancel the draw for the 2023 u20 world cup which was actually scheduled to take place behind indonesia erick thohir to fifa we pray for erick"
Zuhair Al Shun also understands that Indonesia as a member of FIFA must obey the existing rules and it doesn't matter if the Israeli National Team takes part in the 2023 U20 World Cup. Erick Thohir to FIFA we pray for Erick
the president of the republic of indonesia joko widodo has taken a stand regarding the polemic over the participation of the israel national team in the 2023 u20 world cup Erick Thorhir to FIFA we pray for Erick
polemic regarding the participation of the Israeli national team which has had an impact on the holding of the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia Erick Thohir to FIFA we pray for Erick
the president of the republic of indonesia joko widodo has taken a stand regarding the polemic over the participation of the israel national team in the 2023 u20 world cup and sent erick thohir to meet fifa erick thohir to fifa we pray for erick
"Regarding the Israeli polemic at the U20 World Cup Jokowi took a stand for Erick Thorhir's mission to meet FIFA Erick Thorhir to FIFA we pray for Erick"
the president of the republic of indonesia joko widodo has confirmed his stance regarding the polemic over the participation of the israel national team in the 2023 u20 world cup. erick thohir to fifa we pray for eric
"Zuhair Al Shun understands that as a member of FIFA Indonesia must comply with applicable regulations. Therefore he does not see any obstacles if the Israeli national team takes part in the 2023 U20 World Cup competition. Erick Thohir to FIFA we pray for Erick"
president of the republic of indonesia joko widodo takes action on the polemic over the participation of the israel national team in the 2023 u20 world cup Erick Thohir to FIFA we pray for Erick
the president of the republic of indonesia joko widodo has taken a stand regarding the polemic over the participation of the israel national team in the 2023 u20 world cup. erick thohir to fifa we pray for eric
"Zuhair Al Shun understands that as a FIFA participant Indonesia must follow the applicable rules. Therefore he does not see any obstacles if the Israeli national team takes part in the 2023 U20 World Cup tournament. Erick Thohir to FIFA we pray for Erick"
"Jokowi guarantees Israel's participation in the U-20 World Cup has nothing to do with the consistency and position of our foreign policy towards Palestine. Ahmad Dhani U-20 World Cup pdip bu thomas curacao delinquency no scam"
hhh.. I think tomorrow's U20 World Cup will only contain Israel
that's why Indonesia refuses the Israeli team to come and compete in the u20 event because the Indonesian state constitution clearly prohibits any form of human oppression or national colonization of the nation ~ humanity is right under the divine precepts yme
"Israel took part in the U20 because they qualified Indonesia took part in the U20 because of the hosts. Through qualifying they didn't qualify the AFC Asin Cup U20 group stage didn't qualify. So people like don't be stupid... use your brain little.."
"PSSI chairman Erick Thorhir is scheduled to leave for Doha Qatar Tuesday 28 March 2023 evening to meet FIFA to find a solution for continuing the U-20 World Cup. I hope there is good news sir"
"yeapp hopefully it will continue in Indonesia. just like the hopes of ahmad ibrahim salman the israel u20 striker definitely has the desire to play in indonesia without any rejection"
wow... how come the dppknpi administrator only has an inch of brain. Israel's participation in FIFA U20 was not at the invitation of the Indonesian government. they came because they had the right to participate because they qualified for the u20. whether or not israel is the jurisdiction of fifa. Indonesia is only the organizer.
Mr. Governor Tumben don't comment anymore ban Israel U20 from playing in Indonesia? is the governor having a toothache... come on please comment again banning israel from playing the u20 world cup Indonesia
My prediction is true Erik will emerge as a hero. regarding the israel team and the u20 world cup everything is just a setting
Mr. Governor Tumben no longer commented on banning Israel from playing in the Indonesian U20 World Cup sir.. is Mr. Governor having a toothache? Come on sir shout again ban Israel from playing the U20 World Cup
"If I still don't support Israel the country is cruel then what does that have to do with the u20 soccer kids because their fathers support the occupation of Palestine it will be difficult for the youth to understand because they know they are playing the game"
"Apart from the pros and cons you just understand the internal PDIP it turns out that there is a figure like Prof Hamka who has a strong attitude towards Palestine/Israel the Constitution &amp; Bung Karno's framework so far it seems that the ""that" group" pretends to return to defend Palestine but in the end the policy &amp; the government's current policy also has reasons"
"erickthohirnews| meet fifa to discuss Israel's rejection Erick thohir gives an optimistic message to the Indonesian u20 national team | rise together"
"It's really great the gimmick is meaningful you can create Covid so that the U20 World Cup can be postponed Israel can pass it so that it can be demoed by Indonesian people. A gimmick that makes sense"
the president's statement regarding the participation of the israel national team in the u-20 world cup. President Jokowi also said not to mix political affairs with sports
The u20 world cup should have been like this during the Israel match
"Message from Mr. President regarding the holding of the U20 World Cup so don't mix politics with sports"
"Tell me to use jis so I can hang out with those who refuse the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team bro..."
"list of 11 rejections by the israel national team at the u20 world cup starting from political parties mass organizations to governors"
"Central Java governor Ganjar Pranowo expressed his firm stance against the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup because it was in accordance with the mandate of the first president of the Republic of Indonesia Soekarno who is committed to supporting Palestinian independence."
the mayor of solo stated that solo was ready to replace bali to host the u-20 world cup draw
"This is just a very brilliant solution from Mr. Budiman without having to scream against the Israeli team competing in Indonesia as organizers of the U20 World Cup"
"the israel u20 national team passed the july 2022 qualification. where have the government (menpora) and pssi been? how are you working working working?"
do u20 cmn serve israel huh? hahaha amsa cmn because of 1 country dozens of others were canceled too
Erick Thorhir answered Hokky Caraka's concerns about the continuation of the fate of the U20 World Cup which was in danger of being cancelled: Erick Thorhir answered Hokky Caraka's concerns about the fate of the U20 World Cup which was threatened with being canceled following the polemick of Israel's rejection.
Your statement about Israel and U20 is really disappointing....a blunder sir
maybe at that time PSSI was desperate to think that a team like Israel would not qualify for the U20 World Cup because Israel had never qualified before (if I'm not mistaken)
well now the fate of the young Indonesian national team players who want to appear in the u20 world cup is getting lost because of your selfishness against the israel national team to appear in the u20 world cup
"You want to help Palestine from Israel's atrocities just come there and help there refuse the Israeli national team to compete in Indonesia as the organizer of the U20 World Cup. You say you are helping Palestine just be brave"
"So during that time the Israeli national team actually qualified for the U20 World Cup can you blame it? Of course not."
"That's cool sir initially Indonesia was chosen to host the U20 World Cup long before knowing whether the Israeli national team had qualified for the World Cup."
support israel because they are legitimate and have the right to compete in the 2023 u20 world cup
it's really sad if because of Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
too sad not to think about the consequences that football will face in Indonesia.. if israel is rejected and the u20 world cup is cancelled
naturally the barking of the caravan dogs passed... u20 world cup move on don't mind the thoughts of the cardoon pack. because the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia alone is not a problem for the israel you 20 national team to play in Indonesia. this bunch of cards is so cute.
Zuhair believes that Indonesia's support for Palestine will not change even though it allows Israel to play in the U20 World Cup.
"Even though there were many rejections Palestine showed neutrality regarding the polemic. The Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia Zuhair Al-Shun said that Israel has qualified for the 2023 U20 World Cup through legal means so it has full rights to compete."
"The governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo also rejected the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup. According to him this attitude is a manifestation of a shared commitment to efforts for Palestinian independence in accordance with President Soekarno's mandate."
"FIFA officially canceled the drawing for the 2023 U20 World Cup which was scheduled to take place in Bali on March 31. PSSI suspects that the governor of Bali's rejection I Wayan Koster of Israel's participation in the 2023 U20 World Cup was the main factor."
{thread} The 2023 U20 World Cup which is planned to be held in Indonesia in May 2023 is threatened with being canceled. the rejection of the participation of the israel national team by a number of parties is suspected to be the cause. what is the fate of Indonesia after the polemic?
"Political reasons against Israel were brought into the realm of Indonesian sports where minimal performance made the buds that would bloom again wither and fall before they developed that was the fate of the u20 who were injected to death when they were about to develop"
"Azmi Nassar a former Palestinian national team coach (2005-2007) is an Israeli national. Ahmed Salman a U20 Israeli national team striker who plays for the Maccabi Club Netanya of Arab Muslim descent was born in East Jerusalem. Other names I don't know"
"Look at this and the others. We only need to do this we don't need to refuse the Israeli national team to come to Indonesia. After all they are still playing in the U20 World Cup. That can't be changed anymore."
the brainless governor who rejected israel in the u20 football cup
"There are our Muslim brothers who are players for the U20 Israel National Team who cannot attend Indonesia and are rejected by the presidential candidate. They don't have tickets they are hooked on beauty they don't drink too much"
"Let's vote what is your attitude regarding the Israeli national team coming to Indonesia at the U20 World Cup?"
"Let's vote what is your attitude regarding the Israeli national team coming to Indonesia at the U20 World Cup?"
"Gandar should make another statement soon. Regarding the Israeli national team. I don't know what the statement contains. But from experience there probably won't be any more statements from Ganjar about the U20 World Cup. Ganjar might hope that people will forget it over time. Time will erase. "
"Father if the U20 World Cup takes place and the Israeli team also participates it won't be the end of the world anymore and even "heaven" will be enjoyed by many parties: the tourism industry the football connoisseur community the Indonesian team small and medium traders and the credibility of the republic of Indonesia is not damaged because hold on to healthy commitments sir
"You have never read but the spirit is insulting. You think the president doesn't have staff to provide data before he speaks? - Indonesia was appointed as host in October 2019 - Israel is confirmed to qualify for the U20 World Cup finals on 25 June 2022"
"the Palestinian ambassador has no problem with Israel playing in the Indonesian U20 world cup these 2 governors stubbornly refuse"
"The advice of Israel's accomplices... U.S. accomplices... clearly the USA prohibits Russia from participating in 2022 why don't you just keep quiet. u20 mouth gp just looking for sympathy"
"the post of minister of state-owned enterprises. the position of chairman of the football team as well. then the deputy sports minister for the football person. then the sports minister resigned. then he got the position of bank commissioner in the authority of the minister of state-owned enterprises. indications are rough mennya. now we are concerned about u20 israel but there is defended."
it's true like that. preferably the haters of p jokowi &amp; the government opens the data first before mocking. - Indonesia appointed as host in October 2019 - Israel confirmed to qualify for the U20 World Cup finals on 25 June 2022
chairman of the psi dprd dki jakarta faction anggara wicitra sastroamidjojo deplored the attitude of a number of regional heads who expressed their rejection amid the ongoing u-20 world cup series. find out more here:
Israeli media highlights the issue of Indonesia being canceled to host the U20 World Cup Editor : Jabar Ekspres or Rinrin Rindawati
it doesn't matter if the israel national team competes in indonesia in the u20 world cup event. the problem is people who don't understand and can't separate the world of politics and the world of sports.
"It's better to look for data first before laughing sir - Indonesia has been appointed as the host for October 2019 - Israel is certain to qualify for the U20 World Cup finals on June 25 2022 don't let people laugh at you as a former state commander because of narrow-mindedness."
"the Palestinian ambassador has no problem with Israel playing in the Indonesian U20 world cup these 2 governors stubbornly refuse"
"go ahead.... the u20 participants are not only Israelis.... because of one participant the event will be cancelled"
Really how can you make Israel not come? Was the u20 world cup made by the government or fifa bro?
Jokowi's statement about the Israeli national team polemic at the U20 World Cup
"The problem is the National Police Chief as the person in charge of domestic security lacks checks and sat sets and has never issued a security guarantee statement for the Israeli U20 national team. .."
because fifa canceled the drawing in bali. It was revealed that the reason was the Governor of Bali's rejection of the Israel U20 National Team. It was revealed after Ketum PSSI contacted FIFA
ready.. the question is why the people who rejected Israel appeared when the U20 world cup was near...
"The U20 National Team was also an invitation from FIFA not PSSI/Indonesia who decided on the participants. Only U20 children played football not representatives of the Israeli government who came were different from the DPR. Upsie. Bastard."
I am sure that the Indonesian National Police will be able to secure the implementation of the U20 World Cup even though many parties will terrorize there will be riots if it is carried out and the Israeli team participates in the event.
have you tried registering at btvslot? links: . Does anyone know why Israel can't join the U20? war car of the army in the hearts of the people of Israel Palestine oh Kasad Dudung Abdurachman
I'm sure all the hustle and bustle from PDIP to U20 is still orchestrated by Pak Jokowi's chessboard. Just look at the internal Gibran which is different from the Koster and Rewards. the stage for the Israeli issue was controlled by PDIP cadres so that PKS and Kadrun were thrown from the stage. now et is tasked with stroking fifa...
"And de facto the U20 issue has been completed credit goes to Mr. JKW Mas Gibran Bang et + bonus relations with Israel in the future presidential era - the costs are for Mr. GP PDI. All that remains is to think about how to cover costs hopefully the U20 will be successful and lively for this cover."
"Who's a jerk if Indonesia really cancels being the host? . Israel refuses? Indonesia cancels hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup FIFA appoints Peru as a substitute through"
"Apart from that the Kisdi Mursalin (Indonesian Committee for Solidarity with the Islamic World) also conveyed the same rejection of the arrival of the Israeli National Team."
"head of the presidium medical emergency rescue committee sarbini also hopes that president jokowi can be more assertive while he appreciates regional officials who have the courage to voice their opposition to the arrival of the israel national team"
"mer-c together with awg and kisdi rejected the arrival of the israel national team head of the presidium medical emergency rescue committee sarbini stated through this press conference to stick to the constitution to protect and guard the israel national team in Indonesia"
"one of the squad members who rejected the israel national team at the u20 world cup performed the maximum ogeb got slapped with an ultimate slap it still doesn't work... if there is a video of characters who reject it please share it again."
0h ... apart from u20 yes mb ( israel )
The president has said Indonesia is the host of the U20 World Cup and the Israel U20 National Team is included in the participants without reducing the consistency of Indonesia's support for the struggle of the Palestinian people in achieving full sovereignty as an independent country and will try to reconcile the two
solo ready to host for u20. how come the questioner is ready to accept israel. what is the logic of this person? wkwkwk....what statement?...what was asked? Jaka Sembung.
"Yeah I really feel hate... for the sake of WC U20... I who like watching football can still think clearly not to support Israel being recognized as a country & banned from entering Indonesia... self-respect"
Want to know if you dare not make a statement rejecting the U20 Israel National Team
"I think in the minds of those people the children of the Israeli U20 national team are playing football while carrying pazookas and grenades"
President Jokowi emphasized that Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup should not be mixed up with politics.
well..the ones who play are just young kids aged 18s-19s...are they really playing football while carrying a bazooka huh??? The Palestinian ambassador has already voted and doesn't mind if the Israeli U20 National Team competes in Indonesia...
"The Israel U20 national team passed the qualifications in July 2022. So where have the government (menpora) and PSSI gone? So it's not that the government is unable to take care of this matter but it really doesn't want to know about matters other than image as host dreams of participating in the world cup and fans applause."
"Thanks to the Israel U20 National Team there will be a hero: Pakde Jo &amp; et..."
haven't played ball yet israel's u20 soccer team already beat gangar
"Those who controlled the Israeli issue stage at U20 were all PDIP cadres including Gibran who offered the venue the kadrun and PKS were thrown off the stage... this needs to be analyzed too..."
"those who play for the Israeli national team are playing for the U20 because the goal is to play football not the Israeli army :("
"Because the reward is just looking for face Jokowi fully supports the U20 World Cup. Then the reward lightly rejects Israel's arrival in Indo. If it doesn't last then look for face just choose yourself"
"All the cities are scrambling to become the WC U20 "drawing" location but all the cities don't want to volunteer to be the Israeli ""venue" group/match. In the end Bali will be the Israel group/match venue with all its problems. Just bring the bastards to Bali!"
Are you not interested in asking for your opinion regarding the Israel U20 national team playing in Indonesia?
"If a handful of unscrupulous officials cannot accept the Israel U20 national team Indonesia must leave FIFA membership to end because football is not under the auspices of the United Nations but under the auspices of FIFA there are FIFA statutes that must be obeyed and the number of FIFA member countries exceeds the number =="
Even though this is an opportunity for the Indonesian people to show their consistency in supporting Palestine fill the stadiums with the Palestinian flag on every Israeli national team playing. This is the right solution not rejecting the U20 because of Israel.
We should regret the cancellation of the U20 World Cup draw in Indonesia there were many losses. but the entry of colonialism in this country we cannot allow. when we reject israel on social media look what they do! they limit access to the mosque
"It's cool it should be an example let Israel compete in U20 enliven it with the Palestinian flag keep quiet and be meaningful for Palestine"
support the israel u20 national team for the sake of why it's good to host indonesia and until it has to be groomed by dc again....
Israel is just working hard to get into the U20 world cup.. it's Indonesia that just needs to be the host.. the people don't even support pretending to defend other countries anymore.. it's too stupid.. even though Indonesia is known to the world the world knows it because of the idiot
"The U20 World Cup event does not necessarily reduce our respect for Palestine but with you refusing to host it now because Israel is playing you just don't respect the dreams of your own country's children. I and Jokowi support the U20 World Cup"
The Indonesian government should raise objections to being the host when it is confirmed that Israel will qualify for FIFA U20.
"There are also ""positive"" with the participation of U20 Israel to Indonesia (if so) all of a sudden (goal right & Bung Karno haters) who don't remember even humiliating/harassing Bung Karno become admirers of our founding fathers great great!! That's when personal interests are revealed everything is postulated it's dangerous!"
"Well... because of the U20 Israeli matches in Indonesia many have refused so be aware of the recommendations hopefully there will soon be a bright spot for victims and heirs"
For all people especially for Indonesian football lovers don't let the children of the country cry because they buried their dreams because they rejected the Israeli national team PSSI Erick Thohir is trying to lobby FIFA so that the national team will appear at U20 2023
"Unlimited totality was carried out by PSSI chairman Erick Thorhir to fight for Indonesia to host the U-20 World Cup where there were pros and cons for the participation of the Israeli national team. Off to Zurich Switzerland for certainty of the U20 World Cup."
"Ganjar presidential candidate rejects Israel's U20 what about Anies??? Why are you silent?"
"the issue of the rejection of the israel team by the governor of bali etc. then this nation should never dream of hosting the olympics"
"Don't buy a cat in a sack all presidential candidates must be asked whether they support the World Economic Forum/WEF agenda. Now a test case for Anies ask whether it is agreed that the Israeli team will be present at U20."
let's return to our initial struggle to always protect the nation from the propaganda of the caliphists and their supporters - they hope that we will all be scattered. don't let us get involved in the war of opinion in the israel u20 world cup
I hope the U20 World Cup in Indonesia won't be cancelled Fifa
those who have commented in public spaces rejecting the israel u20 national team.... are people who can't even kick the ball well how do you understand????
"Kali's commission chairman Syaiful Huda realizes that Indonesia is at risk of being banned from FIFA if an event is cancelled but Indonesia also has the right to refuse the Israeli U20 National Team"
do you think the israel national team withdrew from the u20 world cup or not huh
polemic over the presence of the israel u20 national team
This should be orderly not busy with Israel and the U20 World Cup
"You stupid fool. Israel's boycott after all. Says Israel is an occupier for Palestine but in Indonesia itself the majority are colonizers! Minorities worship immediately disbanded permits to build places of worship are complicated. Your trash is just a bastard's capital. Do you think getting into the U20 World Cup is easy?"
"The 2 governors and others only think about the world. This is sport not war. Just look at the karma of the families of officials who reject Israel? Indonesia cancels hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup FIFA appoints Peru as a substitute through"
"Where is Anis Bacapres Nasdem regarding Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia why is there no sound? Don't be a sissy please !!!"
"Then I really care?? It's none of my business the U20 World Cup should be canceled and continue I don't care at first I just hoped that Fafifu Free Palestine could go straight against Israel Sono eeeeee someone got triggered"
"""but this is one form of our protest to Israel and the world"". yes you can protest in any way but don't harm the nation itself. Indonesia is starting to develop its football again and in one way hosting the u20 world cup can motivate them to rise"
the funny thing is israel has already passed the u20 world cup since july.
"Later when U20 happens give the Israeli team a demonstration from leaving the airport to the hotel make the hotel noisy so you can't rest quietly sing chants of support for Palestine every time you bring a ball.."
Sir you often talk about the Medina Charter drawn up by the Prophet Muhammad SAW which is carried out in a disciplined manner - in essence there is no distinction between any race - why are you now refusing the Israel U20 football team which is of Jewish descent to come to compete in Indonesia?
"Even though Israel is taking part in the U20 World Cup Indonesia still insists that it is consistent in defending Palestine's independence."
"If the U-20 World Cup fails. Don't expect us football lovers to choose PDIP. Greetings PDIP stated that it has never rejected the U-20 World Cup event in Indonesia. On the other hand PDIP believes that there is a FIFA double standard against Russia and Israel."
"MUI offers a solution: U20 stays in RI but Israel plays in Singapore"
"As a member of FIFA Indonesia must obey its rules. There is no political affairs even though Israel is participating in the U20 World Cup"
For this we should appreciate those who remain consistent in not recognizing Israel as a country as long as Palestine is still colonized and not yet independent like Bung Karno's commitment. PDIP has also consistently refused to allow the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"After this drama U20 will still be in Indonesia... ehh Israel will continue to win"
"waiting for the billboard "" we are candidate pair number 2 or the general chairman of the party also accepts israel to become a member of the u20 world cup"""
Plt Menpora invites people to respect enemies act on Israel to qualify for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
Yes I also totally agree that the U20 World Cup will be held in Indonesia even though one of the participants is Israel. because there are many advantages for Indonesia. I know we are annoyed if this performance is canceled because there might be political interference. But please choose words that are easier to read
That's the qualifying round if Israel has passed the qualifying round it has the right to appear in the U20 World Cup
"Indonesia must be able to host the U-20 World Cup. This is because organizing an international event is seen as a way to build the nation's dignity"
Mahfud MD looking for a solution to the fate of the U20 world cup: will not support Israel
It's a pity that the dream of our country's young people being killed by the interests of our country defending other people's countries.
permission uncle and what is his position regarding U20 how about Israel's presence?
The problem is that the decision (rejecting Israel's presence in the u20) is sudden?!
"perhaps the question means let's support the action against the Israeli national team competing in the u20 world cup"
"How could Bamukmin's novel tell natives to move to Israel if the Israeli National Team still comes to the U20 World Cup"
pks dki jakarta insists on refusing the participation of the israel national team in the u-20 world cup in indonesia in full
airlangga hartarto refuses to debate the pros and cons of the israel national team in the u20 world cup
"The Palestinian Ambassador to the Republic of Indonesia Zuhair Al Shun emphasized on Saturday (25/3/2023) that his party has no objections if the Israeli National Team participates in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
"this is a strange journalist too...ask about Israel's rejection in the u20 world cup where do you know....if you want to ask about the legalization of alcohol you will know....life ""no"""
"guarantee Israel's participation in the u20 world cup jokowi: don't mix sports with political affairs"
secretary general‼ mistakenly related the issue... ±... - the Russian national team was banned from appearing... because of the protests of the A-Z national team participating in the event at the time... their protest was approved by FIFA. - lek hopes that the israel national team will be crossed out... there must be a protest... from each participant of the u20 national team. correct me I'm wrong...
"The president has also made it clear that the attitude of the Indonesian nation remains consistent in supporting Palestinian independence from Israel. The Israeli national team's participation in the U20 World Cup will not affect Indonesia's attitude towards Palestine."
"It's funny at this age Indonesia was asked to host the 2019 U-20 World Cup. Israel has qualified for the 2022 U-20 World Cup"
Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup has nothing to do with the consistency of Indonesia's foreign policy which continues to support Palestine.
"Even though Israel took part in the U20 World Cup Indonesia's principles remained consistent in supporting Palestinian independence."
"It's better to read the news bro it's true that Mr. Ganjar refused Israel to participate in the WC-U20 event. But that doesn't mean that Indonesia has canceled being the host because the decision hasn't been issued by the PSSI chairmanship & the government meaning it's still being investigated"
show president jokowi israel's position in a u20 football match whether he can attend or not. show that nkri has the authority and integrity of government to face all the pressure groups whose work is disturbing!
I hope you have quotas to watch videos that show Israel's abominations against other countries.
"The president ensured that the participation of the Israeli National Team in the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia did not affect the Republic of Indonesia's support for Palestine. In line with this the general deputy chairman of the Indonesian Solidarity Party also said that rejecting FIFA rules would be detrimental…"
It has nothing to do with Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup with Indonesia's support for Palestine. Indeed these groups of people don't want to see Indonesia progress.
waiting for the voices of Indonesian supporters not to lose to discordant voices because of Israel's presence at the u20 world cup event
That's it... I feel sorry for you sir... I've voted again...and still support Israel in the U20 World Cup
"Rejecting the Israeli U20 National Team will not be able to reconcile Palestine. In fact accepting the Israel U20 National Team can get a great opportunity to build diplomatic relations between Israel and Indonesia so there is a great opportunity to reconcile Israel with Palestine. If Indonesia is right"" wants to help"
"Those of you who are smart might even defend FIFA who don't dare to sanction Israel... if FIFA dares to sanction Israel then the U20 World Cup can still go on in Indonesia because the people who reject Israel don't reject the World Cup event"
and so opo ora u20 plus the israel football team play... still they will gole' problems causing chaos... so???
Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup this time has nothing to do with Indonesia's support for Palestinian independence. continue to support Indonesia to host the world cup.
uh boss Indonesia wasn't the one who came to the Israeli U20 Timmas. you have the wrong mindset!!! fifa has made the u20 world cup...indonesia was appointed as the host...israel joined...passed the qualifiers. Indonesia needs to be a good host for international events. anyways the ambassador is ok
president joko widodo has said that the presence of the israel national team later in the u20 world cup will not change indonesia's support for palestine
"erickthohirnews| regarding Israel in the U20 world cup Jokowi sends Erick Thorhir to find a solution with FIFA | rise together"
we don't want to support the israel u20 national team...but we want to be a good host for an international event...even whoever the participant is...who has a fifa event...we only support the indonesian u20 national team
"There is no impact the rich are getting richer. The poor are still poor even if the U20 World Cup does not happen because of rejecting Israel."
Sir... please learn about Gibran he is committed to the U20 World Cup you know that Solo is ready to welcome Israel even if it has to be responsible no matter what happens
"It should be like this at U20 WC later not even refusing Israel to come. Strange"
"that was before the rejection of Israel's case in u20....nowthey are thinking again..."
the Palestinian government alone doesn't question the israel u20 football team.....only idiots reject the israel u20 football team.
"First the Indoseian U20 Cup was almost failed by FIFA because of the recommendation the second was that it wanted to be thwarted by the Israeli issue"
Look at your t-shirt with Ganjar's picture and keep remembering the U20 World Cup and the words of Ganjar rejecting Israel... mumet wess mumetttr
"Miss minister where is your voice regarding the Israeli national team in the U20 world cup? This is the main function of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs too. Don't be silent instead the ones trying to mute are other ministries. In fact the governors are also joining in."
"Why is the PDIP opposed to the president regarding the U20 world cup because of the arrival of the Israeli national team sis Naon"
"And we hope that PDIP will have a double standard... be silent when the Israeli Parliament Israeli businessmen other Israeli athletes come to Indonesia but make a fuss about the U20 World Cup"
"The president gave a firm statement regarding the polemic over the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup which is planned to be held in Indonesia move on Mr President..."
Did he know that the Israeli U20 national team striker Ahmad Salman comes from a Muslim family...
"while crying illiza: ppp refuses israel to join u20 world cup"
"Not cs bro America is bohir especially Zionists. That's why you don't have the guts to comment on the U20 World Cup. Defend Israel Kadrun goes berserk anti-Israel Amrik goes berserk... he doesn't have the guts...."
President Joko Widodo has said that the presence of the Israel National Team later in the U20 World Cup will not change Indonesia's support for Palestine
"U20 Israel team welcome to Indonesia this is my country too. I have the right to welcome my guests. If some of the leaders of this country refuse to accept it then just cancel the match as a whole. Move it to another country. Let me know the feeling"
"Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup even though it has moved places Palestine still participates in the Asia Senior Cup.. Indonesia with its blind politics in the style of PDIP and Kardun CS hides their hands if the national team fails to play in both championships..! Politics is arrogant but"
"T-shirt businessmen will reap money if the U20 World Cup takes place you can also participate in selling t-shirts...the profit opportunities are big...because of that businessmen in Bali are disappointed with the Koster who rejected the Israeli national team...very disappointed... the opportunity for a rotating economy will disappear hopefully not..."
but if support israel appears on u20 you know
"Team U20 Israel welcome to Indonesia this is my country too. I have the right to welcome my guests"
"Logical Anis chose mingkem and the cadres were left to shout and reject Israel's u20. So they got both. His cunning is always there to help the stupid cadres!"
"In a crowded condition of mega corruption mega money laundering and PDIP cq Ganjar Pranowo's refusal to allow the Israeli team to participate in the U20 World Cup.. will they conduct a survey? will they announce the results of the survey during the issue above? a challenge to the honesty of the survey."
"If and still insist on holding the U20 World Cup by bringing in the Israeli national team then the DPP KPI will exert force throughout the region to reject the Israeli national team at the U20 world cup. Let's keep Bung Karno's message and also the founders of this nation."
Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup has nothing to do with Indonesia defending Palestine. I am with Jokowi
"Wong the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia is just calm. Belio is very sure that even though Israel is playing in Indonesia in the U20 World Cup Indonesia's support for the Palestinian people will not change. Listen let's be a little smarter!"
"Is it getting wild about the U20 world cup everyone is making statements and it's strange that those who have supported the government have actually rejected Israel what are they actually hiding?"
I hope the Indonesian National Team will enter the U20 World Cup final vs Israel U20
"To the heads of regions that reject Israel it's time to finish it stop fishing in murky water the president and is fighting really hard for the U20 World Cup to run smoothly. Politics is here first. I don't care whether he wants it or or"
"Well.. if you don't like Israel the U20 World Cup you can take the Palestinian flag to the stadium and raise it for a peaceful protest. You want to be used as a political tool by rotten politicians wake up sheep!!"
"The government and PSSI are still trying to find the best solution for the rejection of the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia I am with Jokowi"
"Actually this is easy... u20 is still being carried out... without the presence of Israel it's like the absence of Russia in the world cup. uud45 still exists football continues. God willing the Coordinating Minister for Political Legal and Security Affairs and the president will monitor it"
what is at issue is what is commented on. Do you think those who support the U20 World Cup support Israel? instead they just support the psywar action like that rather than the world cup being cancelled. funny.
Israel's participation in the U20 Cup has nothing to do with the consistency of Indonesia defending Palestine. I'm with jokowi
"In his statement the president emphasized the consistent stance of the Republic of Indonesia in supporting Palestinian independence from Israel. He said the Israeli national team's participation in the U20 World Cup would not affect Indonesia's attitude towards Palestine."
"But Mr. Ambassador the hardline groups here object and are afraid that Israel will participate in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
"How come the answer is like this...?? If it's a question of Israel's rejection he handed it over to the government and PSSI why did he make a statement rejecting the Israeli national team with reasons blah.. blah..? This is the same as the governor of Bali already signed u20 in bali keep denying. funny."
"Israeli U20 team welcome to Indonesia or goodbye Indonesia. Even though President Jokowi has agreed to accept the Israeli U20 team the Menpora must obey their superiors or resign !!"
Jokowi: Don't mix politics and sports agree that Israel will play in the U20 World Cup
"One more thing isn't Palestine actually protesting to Indo/FIFA if Israel is taking part in the U20 WC? There isn't one right? And why now Israel is rejecting it why aren't other sports that have Israel rejected?"
leave pdip ..if you refuse u20 from israel
"Being a host also requires effort especially since the Israeli National Team must also be respected and valued for their participation in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because Israel is a participant with effort through qualification... Israel is mentally strong not cowardly let's welcome them well ..."
"but no matter what it still violates the constitution I also don't understand how Israelis could enter. There should be a special visa for that and it can be followed for this U20 world cup case"
"So if you support Palestine it's an elegant way like this not banning Israel from the U20 World Cup"
i agree pdip &amp; pks...no need for the u20 world cup if there is israel present...the country's constitution is like at the opening of the 1945 constitution price is fixed
"*regarding the u20 world cup president: don't mix sports with politics* ""I guarantee that Israel's participation has nothing to do with the consistency of our foreign policy position towards Palestine because our support for Palestine is always solid &amp; strong"" I shared jokowi"
"The president spoke about the Israeli national team polemic at the U20 World Cup here are 4 Jokowi's firm statements."
"The president emphasized the consistent stance of the Republic of Indonesia in supporting Palestinian independence from Israel. He said the Israeli national team's participation in the U20 World Cup would not affect Indonesia's attitude towards Palestine."
"yes!!! support the national team and the U20 world cup in Indonesia... the source is very fluent in religion even though people are soccer and those who reject Israel go straight to mingkem"
"It's a pity. It's the voice of football fans. They support the holding of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia not Israel. Football fans are in all camps they will unite if there is a threat to the continuation of Indonesian football."
"Consistently supporting an independent Palestine Jokowi allowed Israel to play in U20 -"
The solution is ????Indonesian national team u20... don't compete with... israel you20 national team. because there are no diplomatic relations. Why? why the same why the country. the national team easy to.. xixixixi xixixixi. it's as moral pressure!!!
"ahmad ibrahim salman striker for the Israeli u20 national team comes from a Muslim family. the Palestinian ambassador ""has nothing to do with the likes or dislikes of the participating countries"" Azmi Nassar an Israeli was once the coach of the Palestinian national team. I thought.."
Israel's participation in the U20 Cup has nothing to do with the consistency of Indonesia defending Palestine. I'm with jokowi
"Indonesia continues to support Palestine the presence of the Israeli National Team will not change that. Don't mix politics with sports. Succeed in the U20 World Cup"
then back to the question of the constitution. at the opening of the 1945 constitution. actually independence is the right of all nations.. then colonialism must be abolished.. etc.. etc.. now israel's zionism.. colonizing the people of Palestine.. that is... a political affair. the u20 national team takes the country. How
why is it good what can be held when Israel gave Aceh tsunami aid but was rejected when joining u20. sane?
"Team U20 Israel welcome to Indonesia"
"These are only u20 children who don't know anything they just want to play football you know they don't want to go to war with us or bring weapons to war with Palestine even the Palestinian ambassador said "it's okay" Israel is playing in Indonesia so why are we making it complicated? Alone?"
Waiting for a statement regarding the participation of the Israel U20 national team to play in Indonesia... reject or accept Mr. Balonpres?
"was appointed host in 2019 uh mid 2022 Israel passed to u20 wc23 half a year it wasn't loud as soon as they wanted to enter the political year everyone joined in rejecting it because of Israel and the majority of politicians if the reason is used yes sports actually promote peace there we can suppress Israel."
this is what can be imitated when israel competes in the u20 world cup..if it happens
"What is the relationship between Israeli colonialism and Palestine and what sports? The Palestinian ambassador doesn't even matter if Israel participates in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. bad indonesian??
Since July 22 2022 Israel has officially joined the U20 world cup and where have you been?
"After all it's complicated Israel came to Indonesia just to play football not war the ones who played were U20 boys who definitely had nothing to do with colonialism."
"Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup has nothing to do with Indonesia's consistency in defending Palestine."
for the Israeli u20 team match this season to dampen the atmosphere
"Those like this ""ulama"" are silent maybe pretending not to know. but this illegal stamp seller feels entitled to ban Israel's participation in the u20 world cup."
"What is clear is that the 2022 deception trial in Bali which was chaired was a political intention and there was an Israeli delegation but did not reject Israel's presence the U20 World Cup was a sporting event and all party officials shouted against the Israeli team's presence. Is that rational or not?"
even though the political tension is slightly increasing. because of the israel soccer national team. but i was still able to keep my blood pressure from rising. ramadan keep calm. stay with regards
well.. how about this?? Many have supported Israel to continue performing at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia... let's talk and be gentle... don't be a sissy
but Anies did not take a stand against Israel's polemic in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. whereas as a candidate for 'leader' must show the vision and attitude.
Those who indicated they wanted to replace Pancasila with their people's ideology today rejected the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup on the basis of principles that were inconsistent with Pancasila. the president assigned to negotiate fifa
"Surely this is the smartest person in the world let's try to explain first why Israel is not entitled to take part in the U20 World Cup? Meanwhile when Indonesia volunteered to be the host it already stated that it was ready to facilitate and why are you protesting now?"
"The Wiro Sableng 212 gang uses demonstrations to reject the Israeli U20 team coming forget about the PE'A gang"
"roundup: jokowi intervenes to deal with the Israeli polemic at the u20 world cup commitment to find the best way: president jokowi intervenes to deal with the polemic against the rejection of the israel national team at the u20 world cup which threatens the status of host Indonesia."
"Unfurling the Palestinian flag chanting the Prophet's prayer and chanting support for Palestinians alone can make the fighting spirit of the U20 Israel national team cowardly."
"Only people who don't understand football reject Israeli football remember the history of football on the Ivory Coast can unite the warring.. Likewise with Indonesia fans of warring clubs can unite to support Indonesia's U20 football is a sport unifier."
"Those who shouted yesterday that they didn't want the Israeli national team to come to Indonesia to compete in the U20 World Cup you should use this method Drun if you really want to support it."
clear. Support Palestinian independence and accept the Israel Football National Team as a participant in the U20 in Indonesia.
The Palestinian Ambassador has no problem with the Israel National Team playing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
It's better if Hamas's minions were told to move to the Middle East to fight directly against Israel... instead of ruining the dreams of our nation's children to play at U20...
"This is clearly smarter than rejecting the presence of the Israeli U20 team... we are anti-imperialism (supposedly including Yankee Imperialism &amp; Saudi invasion) but still maintaining sportsmanship & considering the progress of our nation which is on the rise."
wkwkwk..it's just getting more and more blunders..if you want it Hamas's accomplices just tell them to move countries don't stay in Indonesia..order them to join the Israeli law war..don't ruin the dreams and struggles of the nation's children to play at U20.
accepting the israel national team in the u20 world cup does not violate the constitution. You are anti-israel but do politics in jewish style. not all you can fool.
"I want to curse and swear but I'm fasting from the Soekarno era until Jokowi consistently rejected Israel because of the U20 World Cup I accepted it there's no Indonesian football that won't be destroyed the reason is that you're just a Zionist devotee"
"hokky caraka: all of you have ruined the dreams of your own nation's children. no one intends to destroy the dreams of Indonesian children. let us fail to become hosts &amp; against"
"With the decision to refuse the Israeli team's arrival which risks canceling the U20 World Cup in Indonesia ordinary people are asking questions: how do you measure the magnitude of the value of the interests of the nation and state?"
"Is this a matter of FIFA or U20...? If the Russian context is associated with U20 it is clearly different...Russia has been disqualified from the early rounds while Israel has gone through to the final round...this is from a sporting perspective...if it's about FIFA's political policies it's a different matter. You will confuse yourself later.."
I want to hear his opinion about the U20 World Cup does he support the rejection of Israel's participation or what. try sir share your idea
"They themselves said those who rejected Israel because of religion in the U20 world cup were kadrun bungul now they are cadrun bungul for political reasons even though in 2019 they signed to hold the world cup & spent a lot of money so they want to reject it one day "
"and it's like he forgot himself after everything was resurrected now Friday and reject the U20 government program (israel) don't be anti-football I hope the struggle and sir continue smoothly and safely."
which government? Pak Jokowi actually guaranteed that the Israeli National Team could join the U20
"The arrival of U20 Israel to Indonesia will not change the border dispute between Israel and Palestine... if Indonesia wants to position itself as a mediator to liberate Palestine Indonesia must foster relations with Israel..."
"Does it mean that by allowing the Israeli football team to compete in the U20 World Cup we "consent to the Israeli occupation" of Palestine? Why only (sport) football? What about the MUI officials who actually visited Israel?"
"someone has posted something like this several times: ""choose what is the cons of PKS"" well uncle right you have one vote with PKS about the U20 world cup rakira om deny do you want Pak Anis to support or reject Israel from participating?"
"He is still the best because he obeys the constitution regarding the Israeli U20 polemic in the FIFA calendar event."
""Whether or not there is an Israeli team at U20 Indonesian Hamas groups (PKS HTI FPI etc.) will continue to create conflict. They are not really religious people. They only want to rule using a religious mask. Be careful!"
"Neighboring Israel Palestine alone does not make a fuss over the Israeli national team participating in the FIFA U20 in Indonesia except for mass organizations armed with Hamas. The country's constitution remains upheld and FIFA U20 football continues to play in Indonesia. Let's find a solution."
President Jokowi explained that when he was appointed as the U20 host Indonesia did not know who would be the U20 participating team because it was still in the pre-qualification process. the certainty that the israel national team will pass the selection will be known in july 2022. currently the president has sent to meet the fifa team.
What are Israel's chances at the U20 when you see the squad according to your brother?
Don't make a fuss now like this bro you support the U20 World Cup or reject Israel's presence. We will see the results later info from Erik Tohir
"When Jokowi guarantees Israel in the U20 World Cup and continues to support Palestine: FIFA has rules: Jokowi opens his voice supports Palestine and guarantees Israel's participation in the 2023 U20 World Cup mentioning FIFA rules."
"Besides all those poignant questions can be used the other way around ""if Indonesia hosts the U20 World Cup our football will automatically advance?"" ""Okay if Israel were to play you're sure they would be safe amidst the depravity of human resources We?"""
"Join bro: FIFA is banned by Russia because many world cup participants (FIFA members) are asking and Russia is still in the qualification process (there are no final results for world cup participants in Qatar). Unlike Israel there are no U20 participants (FIFA members) who refuse and Israel has officially become a participant in the U20 World Cup
"But I agree with Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup because more or less it shows us our support for the Palestinian people and rejection of Israel's treatment"
"people who saw the rejection of Israel at the U20 world cup must have felt strange""how come football is associated with politics"" ""when will Indonesian football progress if we discuss religion a little bit"" "they only play football etc" ""
"Psi GP supporters ask that man why refuse the arrival of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup you ask you ask you ask"
"Now that's just right I hope other sports are like that too for example the Israeli U20 football team"
"Jokowi's orders to Erick Thorhir meet FIFA guarantee that the Israeli National Team will play in the Indonesian U20 World Cup via"
this you know. Israeli athletes have been to Indo..and it's ok..why are you making such a fuss now??
"Once these organizations burned the Israeli flag on the horse statue it has made the government urinate in taking care of the u20 world cup it has defeated many regimes of criminalization/imprisoning scholars..."
"Agreed on President Jokowi's firm stance guaranteeing the participation of the Israel National Team. Politics and sports are two different things like water and oil they will never unite. Without a struggle we will become the home of the U20 World Cup. Appreciate the struggle sir"
talk about the constitution in terms of defending Palestine and rejecting the arrival of Israel to take part in the u20 world cup competition! Unknowingly we are destroying the aspirations of young Indonesians in the world of sports. sometimes we talk without reason.
"Consequences appointed by FIFA Jokowi regarding the issue of the U20 World Cup: I guarantee Israel's participation..."
"Ideally indeed they unite because the two parties are ultra-nationalist. But for some reason regarding Palestine (U20 FIFA) the Israeli team's participation actually made a blunder that made PDIP become a kind of catastrophe in global and international relations."
this is for you henchmen of israeli who exchanged the lives of the palestinians for the u20 cup!!
"That's very clear bro the Palestinian ambassador who represents Palestine alone supports Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup those who refuse are like more Palestinians than their Palestinian ambassadors"
American media warns of heavy sanctions for Indonesia regarding the Israeli polemic at the U20 World Cup
"I suspect that Ganjar's statement of rejecting the Israeli U20 team was under pressure and orders from the party which aims to reduce the electability of Rewards which is much higher than Puan's."
Shame on the shrimp brains who refuse Israel to play the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"the israel u20 national team are millennial children born over 2000. they don't play a role in the palestine case. they just play football like other indonesian children and they don't ask to be born in israel. stop the hate."
Israel's refusal to participate in the U20 World Cup is no longer a matter of constitution but how the government failed to organize it. hundreds of millions of pairs of eyes will watch through the media &amp; tens in person at the stadium2. if this happens it will add to the success of jokowi and erick thohir.
"After observing there are 3 groups who oppose Israel at U20. 1. Politics is represented by Ganjar et al. 2. Religion and humanity are represented by PKS several NU circles Muhammadiyah etc. 3. Victims and prosecutors for justice and groups who are already ignorant or or Indonesian football."
Den you expect Anies to comment on the Israel U20 National Team right? I hope Anies slipped on the Israeli U20 national team so you can fry it until it's burnt wkkwkwkw
that... which is crowded... the point is that Indonesia prefers to cancel the u20 lottery (it's the world cup ball you know) rather than having to welcome Israel to set foot on this motherland.
I'm sorry maybe my political knowledge is not as wide and as good as yours. but the majority of people especially fans of the Indonesian national team want to see the Indonesian national team play in the u20 world cup regardless of which team has passed including Israel which has passed through the euro yesterday (finalist of the u19 euro 22)
Indonesia rejects the Israeli national team and then being able to host the U20 World Cup doesn't make sense
"Fair doesn't have to be the same. But we also have to look at it from the point of view of the u20 children don't just look at Palestine. Opportunities don't come many times. Later if there is another opportunity don't even Israel to be the host."
"The dilemma is that the bargain position is lacking because of an offer you want to be severely sanctioned by FIFA for sure. On the other hand FIFA is also unclear at the World Cup Russia was banned because of the Ukrainian invasion Israel is allowed to play. This time Jokowi's speech was cool asking for affirmation from the Palestinian ambassador so that U20 would still be held "
"The attitude of Israel's participation in the U20 world cup should be the same as the congress congress in Bali. Just keep quiet the committee invited not Indonesia. Indonesia just happened to be appointed to carry out activities in Bali. Not until August 2023 will there be an international beach game"
"That's it bro. Indonesia is still pro-Palestine. Don't let it be because of Israel vs Palestine the country itself is even more divided. People are just annoyed because of this problem the opportunity for U20 children can just disappear. So it feels like pro Israel."
means that the talk of supporting Israel can join the u20 world cup.. means the opposite means.. . yes please... interpret the true meaning of Kadrun's words with kadrun's logic.. just the opposite
"Israel failed to qualify for the U19 European Cup again after playing 1-1 against Latvia earlier this morning. This means that they have only been down at Euro U19 twice once in 2014 (did not qualify for the group) and 2022 (runners up) which made them qualify to U20 in Indonesia."
"related to the case of the U20 World Cup against Israel keep healthy sir"
Let's see if Peru can accept Israel U20 in the U20 World Cup in Peru or reject it. We know that all people in various countries really hate Israel because of its actions against Palestine.
"polemic at the u20 world cup the israel national team failed to qualify for the u19 euro 2023"
"Yes yes bro because FIFA is cranky. We have to seduce FIFA again then there is certainty. the Palestinian ambassador has agreed that there is Israel"
why is this only now being submitted? Wasn't it known from the start that Israel might/could qualify for the U20 World Cup?? and since about the middle of last year israel escaped.
"Wow Kadrun is Hamas' minion...the Palestinian ambassador doesn't mind if you hate Israel then join Hamas for suicide bombings..managing people's countries but destroying the dreams of the nation's children who want to play at U20..how come politics and religion are combined ..."
"Severely disappointed. If it comes to Israel's statement of refusal then Indonesia will cancel being the host. Then the Indonesian U20 national team will cancel competing. Israel will continue to play at U20 defending other countries but in the end it will destroy the dreams of our young players playing at U20 is that Good?"
president jokowi mutes the israel team's rejection during the u20 world cup draw: don't mix up sports matters
"This is all because of Buzzarp and his accomplices with their bossy sympathizers... they arrogantly announced the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team... to Indonesia they thought that no one could refuse because all of this is the result of their work all those involved are their people later the people pda praised them..but..failed."
"in that way... it's as easy as you type ""why indonesia redraw u20"" on googs search njirrr. gossip all over the internet-_______- where's the official statement? just ask israel not to join u20. where is the official preskon pssinye????"
The problem of Israel's participation in the U20 is not a matter of morality or principle: the problem lies in constitutional incompetence. did the names of countries that might become participants never appear in the process of agreeing with FIFA?
"keep working I'm sure these are just ripples in fact more people like the Israeli team to visit and compete in U20 FIFA."
"Not pro Israel under the guise of football fans. There are many who don't like Israel but still support Israel to compete in WC U20 not because they are pro but look at the future impact. If you only talk about the constitution it shouldn't only be Israel Russia is an example. "
"If this is done it's really unfortunate because in fact more pro Israelis have come to play U20 FIFA."
"This normalization project with Israel has gotten tighter starting with the invitation of the Nass Daily and meeting with state officials then the participation of the Israeli national team to the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Moreover the normalization project with Saudi Arabia is on the verge of failure."
"It should have been anticipated from the start that Israel could qualify for the U20 World Cup. Since about the middle of last year it has been known that Israel has qualified. PMrth should have had sufficient capacity to anticipate from the start amidst busy dealing with many other things."
"Someone feels this sir because you support the U20 Israeli National Team away to Indonesia you are called anti-Pancasila"
Israel...it's normal...the u20 national team was rejected by Indonesia...busy dealing with politics...
"Now we reject Israel's participation even though he qualified sorry I will reply to you with football arguments not political or humanitarian arguments because this is the U20 football world cup CR7 keeps playing and the opponent doesn't refuse and wants to play! There are many ways to show your feelings!"
"Forcing people to use the culture of other nations and considering their own culture as a misguided culture that also includes colonialism. Remember that colonialism is prohibited like you banned the Israeli National Team at the Indonesian U20 World Cup. Nana Gambling Israel's Bawaslu"
I even wished this was it. I don't know if Palestine passes U20 or not???? Israel Palestine really has the potential to be in the field????? why does the parno affect sacred things like this re-draw.
"So that it's not complicated it's a debate let's just play Israel U20 okay don't forget to use the lato kicking rods"
"Even though the children qualify because of the host the goal is to become a host so that they qualify automatically who is not happy that Indonesia is participating in the world cup even if it's only U20 don't be hypocritical and mock these children it has nothing to do with the children regarding Israel's problems let alone the advice "
"maybe it will make sense if the explanation is ""in Indonesia the defense is bad"" everything is maceeemmmm so in other countries where the defense is far more advanced if for example amit amiitttt later Israel will bomb for some reason during this u20."
aaaah chubby laaah.... ball yes political ball yes fake account politics forbidding Israel from playing the U20 World Cup in Indonesia Palestine will become independent then Israel will stop colonizing Palestine? no country in the world can make israel palestine peaceful until the end of the world comes
"Naturally bro I'm annoyed because the process to become the host is not fair there is a long and open process and from the start Israel has joined the U20 team. It's time to sign the MoU now it's protesting."
"Also we have been told that at least we don't follow the double standards practiced by western countries for international political issues like this invite the Israeli team to compete at WC U20 later!"
"Indeed if Israel really comes to compete in the U20 World Cup Indonesia will increase its ball performance or even increase its sportsman's fights? hehehe"
"I agree that sport is not associated with politics. Consider that if u20 with Israel's participation there are many cons perhaps whispering information from our intel2. Like a disease it is better to prevent than to treat."
"Hey Kadrun said the Palestinian Ambassador to Indonesia Zuhair Al Shun said that his party had no objection to the Israeli national team participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. He also emphasized the participation of every country in the event"
The story is easy to guess: the U20 World Cup is still in Indonesia. ketum pssi became a hero. the governor of Central Java gets the sympathy of kecele Muslims. cc
"Rejecting the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team rather than the movement against online gambling. It is fitting that the lending platform is getting livelier the players' capital starts from borrowing to judol. from usury to illegal from online to online. good stable economy"
how come so many suddenly realize that they remember the constitution the usual work of provocation is to insult the constitution since when did FIFA become an occupier or since when did the Israeli U20 team become an occupier? it's just getting funnier...
"Israel may continue to take part in the U20 World Cup Jokowi: our support for Palestine is strong and strong: President Joko Widodo (Jokowi) said that Israel may participate in the U20 World Cup. Support for an independent Palestine remains strong and strong"
"Including those who agree that Israel will not come or cancel the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Because of the great risk 135 supporters' lives in Malang are a warning. Don't let Israel's players lose 1 life because the concept of jihad is wrong it could be dangerous for Indonesia."
Minister of Religion Yaqut Cholil said about the issue of Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup
but if from the U20 drama Anies supports Israel playing here (if you already support Israel) I still don't vote for him
"It's as simple as this karma is real bossss. !!!! the effect is a chain if you get banned? the victim's orders also have a chain effect to the victim's family. Indonesia has failed to run a match fifa doesn't want the kanjuruhan incident to repeat itself with Israel yes the simplest is the toilet u20 move"
"The media don't need to give the stage for those who refuse Israel to play in the U20 World Cup football connoisseurs also just wait for their statements"
"Similar to 2019... when Prof. Mahfud was suddenly canceled as vice presidential candidate at the end this time he suddenly rejected the Israeli national team so that the U20 World Cup failed and ET didn't get the blessings of his success.. both were afraid someone else would shine. That's really bad"
Pak Ganjar's TV antenna position should be directed to the Middle East area. . so that it is clear that the Israel vs Palestine U20 match is still going on....and Palestine itself does not refuse... How come in this country they pretend to be a leaky bucket. . .
yes why is it quiet there is no voice even though he is called a pious leader. Cook to lose even Mr. Ganjar Pranowo who was so firm mistakenly rejected the presence of Israel in the U20 World Cup. don't don't he's just looking for peace.
"This is the one that forbids Israel from coming to the U20 World Cup where it is threatened to be cancelled how can the mosques/imams be destroyed by lightning?"
"The members of this party are getting more and more complicated yesterday said Israel could not play in the FIFA U20 Cup immediately drawing is canceled now giving money in houses of worship with the party logo as well with the excuse of helping others. Their behavior is getting worse and there is no shame anymore "
uh bang... this is not a problem of supporting the israel u20 national team. This is about how Indonesia can be a good host in international events... whether there is Israel or not. That's why sports are separated from politics.
"At first I wasn't interested in the white hair and wrinkled forehead as the 2024 presidential candidate. But the team of volunteers was quite intense it got me interested. As soon as I heard his statement refusing the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup in Bali my appreciation fell again he couldn't tell the difference politics and sport
as I always say when Israel plays in the FIFA World Cup U20 Indonesian fans must follow this example
"Please hold the U20 World Cup. But the country must remain sovereign and dignified. Don't have a servant mentality. For the sake of Pildun Indonesia is willing to sell itself. Think about how to prevent Israel from playing in Indonesia."
"Alone. Even if Indonesia refuses Israel to play in the U20 World Cup it won't affect it!
"Indonesia did not reject the U20 only Israel with the same reasons that FIFA used to reject Russia."
Israel takes part in the U20 World Cup The two states solution is the best solution if Israel and Russia are included in the competition but looking at FIFA's footprints which gripped the Ukraine war by Russia it seems impossible that the final result is predictable Indonesia will continue the competition
"Without the slightest comment many people know that Anies definitely rejects the Israeli National Team participating in the U20 in Indonesia just like you."
"Maybe later this thread will be attacked by some people who reject Israel's arrival but come on guys we also have a younger generation of footballers who have aspirations to play in big events even though it's only the U20 World Cup but we must be proud"
"Second the election of Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup has gone through a bidding process by defeating two countries: Brazil and Peru. Third Israel's escape occurred after Indonesia was appointed as the host by FIFA."
"Kepek Israel already came before u20...why are the words just right now??? do you want to join in...want social assistance... brain capacity is enlarged so I'm not stupid..."
"At first they refused to think the U20 world cup will still take place in Indonesia without the Israeli national team now they are sorry for destroying the dreams of the nation's children"
facing the recent polemic about the u20 world cup. about Israel I wonder if the Indonesian people have a solution
young people do lack experience but the future is in the hands of young people who are not prejudiced. Israel maybe for the seniors is the occupier but Israel and Palestine will make peace. the u20 world cup is not a political field but sportsmanship. Indonesia should be neutral. stop politicizing pssi
"Islamic point of view: even prophets lived side by side with Jews state point of view: support for Palestine for Israel's crimes can be done more elegantly through political issues that corner Israel especially during the WC U20 event because many eyes of the world will be directed towards Indonesia"
"Regarding Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia this is Jokowi's word"
"This question should be adapted to the context. If the Israeli national team comes for a tryout what's the point it will definitely be rejected. But if it is adjusted to the U20 World Cup issue Indonesia as the host must be consistent with the commitment at the beginning. Personal opinion yes."
I'll give you a solution! u20 will still be held at nkri!! israel national team playing in manado stadium there is a synagogue too! and Manado the most tolerant city of peace! even though the governor is PDIP he doesn't dare to reject the Israeli national team! damn him later!!
What's clear is that the pro-khilafah is anti-Pancasila ‼ fake buzzer don't understand politics and sports Palestine should be separated just support Israel for the U20 world cup. So Kadrun Anjeng pretends to defend Palestine
"Even though when Israel came to Savage we used Palestinian attributes as support so you can get 2 benefits for U20 playing together and being able to show our support for Palestine that's my mind which doesn't understand the world of football"
"Brother Karno we reject colonialism but our politics are free and active meaning that sports are in a different sector from politics so let sports !!! reject Israel? Indonesia cancels hosting the 2023 U-20 World Cup FIFA appoints Peru as a substitute for passing"
"top news: jokowi about the u20 israel national team potential loss to the toll road project"
Israel's polemic on the U20 World Cup looks like it will be long
"world cup u20 president: don't mix sport with politics"
imagine bitch. If Indonesia is banned by FIFA what will happen? 1. Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup 2. Palestine can still play in the 2023 Asian Cup 3. The Palestinian League is still running what here Palestine wants to withdraw from the Asian Cup Why solidarity?
"Gara Israel the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is in danger of being canceled and if it is canceled you are threatened with being banned. Don't worry friends whether you are banned or not the Indonesian National Team will never take part in the UEFA Champions League just relax bro"
wkk I was really small when I said my name for VIP B Germany Selamattt sleep at 2 hours Arab Israel ignore Croatia Bawaslu Peru gambling snmptn wts wts world cup u20 kanjuruhan
dilapidated.. say my name utbk vip b germany congratulations to sleep at 2 hours arab israel ignore croatia Bawaslu peru gambling snmptn wts wts world cup u20 kanjuruhan
let's support Indonesia to host the u20 world cup say my name for vip b germany congratulations to sleep at 2 am arab israel ignore croatia Bawaslu peru gambling snmptn wts wts world cup u20 kanjuruhan
President Joko Widodo and PDI Perjuangan are on different sides regarding Israel in the U20 World Cup. why do you think? maybe because it has something to do with 2024? try reading this article
the best family say my name utbk vip b germany congratulations t sleep 2 hours arab israel ignore croatia Bawaslu peru judi snmptn wts wts world cup u20 kanjuruhan
let's kick politic out of football.. say my name utbk vip b germany Selamattt 2 hours sleep Arab Israel ignore croatia Bawaslu Peru Judi snmptn wts wts world cup u20 kanjuruhan
subhanallah.. say my name for vip b germany Selamattt sleep at 2 hours Arab Israel ignore croatia Bawaslu Peru gamble snmptn wts wts world cup u20 kanjuruhan
"Why do we have to support the U20 World Cup? Because this is the time we can "slay" Israel! If possible 3-0! The effect of football is extraordinary! England can win the Malvinas war with Argentina! But so far Maradona's goal is God's Hand it still hurts for england!"
"America and the European Union are allies of Israel FIFA is a tool to accept Israel if the U20 World Cup Israel participates the PEA troops 212 gangs of packed rice will demonstrate Jokowi we will see King Master Jokowi will play the game is not over yet"
"the rhythm of the call to prayer in Hawaii sounds more excited world cup u20 vip b germany congratulations sleep at 2 am israel arab ignores croatia Bawaslu peru gambling snmptn wts wts kanjuruhan"
waiting for abas' statement to reject the israel u20 team surely amrik's lackeys are silent !!
this debate will never end. the u20 world cup can take place as long as israel players don't bring their country but why is fifa the same as russian athletes who compete not to bring their country
"Regarding the Pildun these politicians are literally just political acrobatics. They think that by blocking Israel U20 to Indonesia they will advance Palestine independence? Reduce IDF cruelty? Ease the conflict there? It's unfortunate that this World Cup is close to the elections so it's being politicized"
"People like the U20 World Cup to be held here it doesn't matter if the participants are Israel or even Satan. Do you understand?"
PSSI and FIFA plan to discuss anti-Israel protests at the U20 World Cup
President Jokowi responded to the question of the rejection from a number of groups and figures regarding the participation of the Israeli team in the U20 World Cup which will be held in Indonesia.
""Whether or not there is an Israeli team at U20 Indonesian Hamas groups (PKS HTI FPI etc.) will continue to create conflict. They are not really religious people. They only want to rule using a religious mask. Be careful!" Ken Setiawan - Nii Crisis Center"
support for palestine they are dead for me! but supporting the u20 cup is also a dead price! because here we can slaughter the Israeli national team with a score of 5-0! Dubws Palestine agrees with the Israeli national team. Why are we making such a fuss?
who are busy rejecting the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team: what is this case?
there's no need for dialogue anyway stupid humans can't differentiate between politics and sports. who refused the u20 world cup stupid humans under the monkeys. If responding to the polemic over Israel's participation in the U-20 World Cup in RI. if it encourages the government to dialogue regarding the polemic.
"The narrative ""saved Jokowi..."" for the statement regarding Israel's refusal at the u20 event. Wave test for a presidential candidate. Looks like he was thrown into the sea. Don't let his own party do it for the sake of the ""princess"" ascending the throne."
"the bukber &amp; u20 letter with israel succeeded in suppressing the issue of the corrupt kemetrian. about the u20 with israel the production team had prepared ""heroes"" who would appear at the last second. hundreds of lives in directives did not make fifa give sanctions let alone just voices Israeli rejection."
"Israeli case passes the Indonesia U20 world cup it will end in the end anyway"
"Even though the issue of the U20 World Cup has been busy since yesterday because of Israel's participation..but still haven't commented on anything...afraid confused sir confused what to do...waiting for the moment to find a loophole so it doesn't seem hypocritical"
"When it comes to religion in the Israel U20 National Team there are 3 devout Muslim players."
Regional leaders are still looking for the stage behind the U20 Israel National Team. whereas forms of support and rejection can be creative like this ~
"The clarification was abysmal. The government and FIFA intervened to make the U20 breakthrough work by not presenting Israel. When the G20 president intervened in the United States not to invite Russia the president did not falter. Lhaaa the president's subordinates are in control."
comments are not quality...there is no U20 terrorist event still there....in Israel there are no terrorist incidents only terror between Hamas and IDF
"Palestine has been independent since November 15 1988 - already has territory people more nationality national language ambassadors in hundreds of countries.. Those who say they rejected the Israeli U20 national team for the sake of Palestinian independence are stupid. dazzled by electability and stage fright."
"Due to a lot of pressure will Israel miss the u20 world cup?"
"Heee ki...lu forget who is the deputy chairman of PSSI? who prioritizes positions without achievements rather than ministers but he's just like that"" Athletes aren't football athletes neither are they young. I support Israel competing in WC U20 it's just that your statement is funny Don't forget that the top political officers are jealous"
"Israel's polemic at the U20 world cup Erick Thohir will listen to FIFA's views first"
"The pros & cons of the U20 World Cup the Israeli national team are coming to Indonesia. The point is the pros and cons are actually all the same they are both looking for the stage. What's the solution??? Yawes Losno just be handsome with arek-arek."
"Please leave a message to Mr. Koster what's dangerous is not the Israel U20 national team but the Caucasians who are now talking nonsense and recklessly in their province... no need to go crazy for reasons to cover up your own incompetence..."
Israel and its allies are trying to blind the world in many ways and one of them is through sports. . sleep often corn night u20 world cup gambling asnawi ignore it
unfortunately... they support palestine but make noise in indonesia. Shatter the dreams of U20 kids who want to compete. Did their commotion affect Israel?
wkwkwkwk you pretend to go to gaza.. if I'm going to escort u20 israel so they can play safely in indonesia trash desert lizards like you stay away you can only make trouble and eat up indonesian rice
Never forget the tyranny Israel has committed over the years. Israel's actions cannot be compromised at all. . sleep often corn night u20 world cup gambling asnawi ignore it
"Mr. Jokowi finally opened up about the recognition of the Israeli national team playing in Indonesia. Mr. Jokowi's request is not to mix political affairs with sports. FIFA gambling Jeno Blonde the U20 World Cup Asnawi Malam Ribka"
"Football accounts on Twitter of course are against the rejection of the Israeli national team of course. It's also called a football account there is an interest in football. Accounts that use the Palestinian flag are certainly pro-rejection. And also many non-symbolic accounts satirized about the U20 football party in the midst of grief at recommendation"
"There is still chaos in the world cup where 1 party defends the interests of others; rejects the Israeli national team for why it is a crime against humanity and demands a reduction in the tragedy of the law in which 133+ people died because the other party spoke out for personal gain the nation's children who have a dream of playing ball
jokowi delivered a statement about u20 israel
" "Hey hokky! Do you know about the future! You are still a child! You don't have to be so critical about your comments! Learn again that Indonesia is anti-Israel! You want us to persecute huh you are disobedient to the country!" that's what they say poor retainer u20"
So the figures who rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup where are your voices??? is this in accordance with the constitution and uud45 ??? why are you so silent like this?
"You are defending the struggle for the independence of a country that is far away. Meanwhile you have forgotten 135 lives in your own country. The u20 world cup is only a youth football event. Many great players were born there Messi is one of them. But you criticize because Israel is there. ."
"Well he is Israeli how did he enter Indonesia when making documentation about Bali? Not using an Israeli passport the case is not the same as the problem with the U20 Israeli national team?"
"Still rejecting Israel but don't want the U20 World Cup in Indo to be cancelled even if it's canceled you don't want to be penalized"
while here 2 governors are afraid of israel u20 players
"Well I think you're really stupid...pretentiously like city...but you don't know the story of Israel qualifying for the U20 World Cup after Indonesia officially became the host...people like this are adored by fakes claiming that humans are free but ignorant of information about the ball...wkwkwkwk"
"If and still insist on holding the U20 World Cup by bringing in the Israeli national team then the DPP KPI will exert force throughout the region to reject the Israeli national team at the U20 world cup. Let's keep Bung Karno's message and also the founders of this nation."
"Who is defending colonial bosses Israel if Indonesia is refused to play football it has been ensured that the U20 World Cup which will be held in Indonesia will be canceled you idiot"
Ganjar Pranowo was 'beaten' because of Israel's statement against Israel at the U20 World Cup
"This is strange when someone deceives hundreds of Umrah pilgrims about why "God & worship" you pretend to be stupid but when there is an Israeli u20 football team about to play you talk about the constitution intelligent people are stupid who don't understand taste swallow the ointment"
"U20 Israel's refusal was rewarded with giving a statement to entrust it to the government even though it had refused at the beginning now for the sake of the dreams of the nation's children all entrusted to the government of Kambuaya | Jordi Amat | Asnawi | Israel | Ignore it"
"Anies' silence on the u20 issue further convinces the public that Anies is a henchman for Jewish Zionists who defend Israel's interests.. So far it is known that Anies is a member of the Jewish Zionist organization Bujan is just an infidel.. Isn't it barbaric to even defend Jewish Zionists rather than Palestine?!"
"I don't know how to "comment/not"" about Israel's u20 does not affect the 20%pt requirements for the presidential election hehe"
"If for example there are only 2 presidential candidates in 2024 between GP and Siy damn ab I still prefer GP anyway. But that's still a long way off from the presidential candidate the new moon isn't clear yet! It's only for the GP statement about the Israeli national team in the world cup u20 I think that's a stupid statement though"
"As soon as FIFA has decided &amp; maybe the Republic of Indonesia has to bite the bullet. Those who were previously against the arrival of the Israeli team now they are talking about supporting the Israeli team to appear in the U20 World Cup successfully giving the impression that the Jokowi government is incompetent how come the U20 World Cup which should be held in Indonesia is canceled fifa"
Jokowi did not want to be forced by Kadrun to think 100 years ago when he refused the arrival of the Israeli U20s. because Jokowi is already thinking for the next hundred years for Indonesia to progress
laugh awowkwok see the news on Israel's refusal to play the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
My question is why are those who refused including the Ministry of Cooperatives and PMK only protesting at this time? while they have known for a long time that Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia but why didn't they protest??.. ..
many talk about the rejection of the israel national team so that the u20 football event is in danger of being canceled in Indonesia which he said tarnished the face of the Indonesian nation. oiiii. lappet. There is corruption in this country. cases of multiple government posts. the tax case does not tarnish?
"There is no urgency for Anies to comment on the U20 World Cup no officials not the chairman of PSSI either. You just covered up the cancellation of the U20 in Bali because Congor the governor of Bali had no brakes. If only Anies refused Israel I will make sure that Congor in the pool will be noisy on social media. "
It's really stupid that the Israeli U20 players went to Indonesia to play football instead of the Israeli military who came..
I hope that the U20 world cup will remain in Indonesia no matter what.... rejecting Israel still no country in the world including Indonesia can make Palestine independent Israel will still be the colonial state of Palestine until the end of the world comes....
"The Palestinian country that you defend will also play in the Asian Cup Israel which you hate will also play in the U20 World Cup while the Indonesian National Team will bite its fingers as a spectator are you sincere??? Try to mention 10 why are the Palestinians you know and Israel what do you hate? you don't know right???"
"It was not Indonesia that opened the door but FIFA. Indonesia must follow FIFA rules if it wants to hold the U-20 World Cup. Don't equate 20-year-old Israeli football athletes with the government elite please it's not fair."
"Actually what I'm confused about in this U20 issue is whether these governors didn't know that Israel was a participant so they refused suddenly not from a long time ago. Was there no agreement from the beginning with these two governors that their areas would be used."
"Still rejecting Israel but don't want the U20 World Cup in Indo to be cancelled even if it's canceled you don't want to be penalized"
"It's just too much to pretend to refuse no shame Palestine is just fine with Israel in the context of the U20 World Cup"
"haahhh if you reject the israel u20 world cup team why aren't the knesset delegations rejected. i hate you ‼"
President Jokowi's press conference regarding the participation of the Israel National Team in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
the affairs of football...not the government's affairs....njelehi..akun ra mutu blas...israel participates in the u20 world cup....jokowi still stands tall....
what does that mean? It's not clear people...I'm an Indonesian...I'm also a football connoisseur...but if Israel enters Indonesia by co-opting football...then bro...everything will be wrong...those who support Israel...israel supported....because of u20 it failed...
Israeli u20 striker turns out to be a Muslim.
I'm just letting you know. The Israeli u20 national team captain is Muslim. . takbir no nihhj
"They are U20 Israeli boys here to play football not carry weapons don't bury the dreams of young Indonesian players."
no isn't Israel participating u17 u20 or not
"Indonesia will be penalized while you 20 Israel will still participate in U20... there we will feel like we have lost all of them..."
"Imagine the Israel U20 team qualifying from the group stage qualifying for the final and winning the U20 World Cup in Indonesia..."
"I have no feeling that I got anything from Israel from watching the 2006 World Cup until now. Yes because they didn't qualify. Regarding the U20 World Cup they qualified why do they look wrong just because they passed?"
Here listen to those who said yesterday that Israel refused to play in Indonesia at the U20 World Cup. the Palestinian and Indonesian ambassadors agreed that FIFA has rules that must be obeyed by its members. So don't mix up sports and politics. understand
"Even the u20 national team has the courage to face Israel later in the pildun uh you're even afraid that Ma Israel will use all kinds of events noob"
then those of us who criticize are considered hateful until someone sells Bible verses because we continue to support Israel playing at u20.
"I'll just try it in the middle... it's too bad if you reject the U20 Israel National Team because this is purely a sport. And I don't really care about football now. Because I can't support it I just want to watch it now I have to buy this that and so on package.. no one is as free as before. bullshit!!!"
hello sir can you hear the president's statement about the participation of the israel u20 team...!??
"Russia was banned from participating in the Qatar World Cup... for the sake of humanity Israel was refused to play the U20 World Cup... don't mix sports and hypocritical politics like FIFA"
This is the news in Israel regarding the situation of the Indonesian U20 World Cup
"Fifa U-20 World Cup Zuhair Al Shun said that his party has no objections to the Israeli National Team participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. [28/3 23.51] Wurry Agus Parluten: Metal Dangdut."
"Pak Eric Thorhir's sad eyes while watching the Indonesia vs Burundi match early in the morning he left for Doha in the afternoon he had a meeting with FIFA. All Indonesian people who are still sane who do not reject the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup are praying for you .."
"I don't know maybe it's because I don't really have a political background either. But if I'm asked to vote for Israel to compete here it's a dilemma too. On the one hand yes we want FIFA U20 WC to remain in our country. But on the other hand On the other hand we do not accept Israel participating in events held at our NGR."
- President Joko Widodo or Jokowi gave a press statement regarding the government's official stance regarding the polemic over the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup which is planned to be held in Indonesia.
"As a football lover in Indonesia of course we really support Indonesia's move to host the U20 World Cup because of the various rejections by the Israeli U20 team to play in Indonesia which has troubled Indonesia itself and caused problems that are so complicated and complicated"
"There is not the slightest comment about the U20 world cup issue right? Usually press conferences immediately and make an open stage. Confused doi. Defend Israel its supporters go berserk. Defend Palestine bohirs in this country go berserk. It's like eating silakalamamakalama fruit."
I hope FIFA doesn't cancel Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup due to the rejection of the Israeli national team by the regional government of Central Java &amp; bali.. this could be a serious note for fifa.
"The presidential candidate was rewarded with an aggressive environment clever in playing the issue rejected the match of the Israeli football team in the U20 World Cup. On one hand he won the sympathy of votes from Bung Karno's big admirers. On the other hand he won the votes of Muslim and Muslim women who are antipathy to Israel Palestinian occupiers."
Pak Jokowi has conveyed that the state guarantees the U20 Israel National Team in Indonesia. The state must not lose to radical mass organizations. We as football lovers must also fight against radical mass organizations that reject the Israel U20 national team in order to make WC U20 successful in this country
u20 world cup: guarantee the national team is not related to consistency
"Ung rembuk Israel is still participating in the world U20 event in Indonesia. However they don't use their country's attributes so they only use the attributes of the Israeli football federation."
"It's true John football unifies the nation that divides the nation Eluh Jhon you failed because you and your friends including the arrogant government John complained about defending Israel greedily with his arrogance and your friends think it's impossible for U20 to fail even though we only reject Israel don't we? the ball.."
Israel's U20 player when he finds out his country is in chaos he's on holiday in Indonesia:
"Israel's polemic at the U20 world cup Erick Thohir will listen to FIFA's views first"
"Dear cc. *Palestine became independent on November 15 1988. It is no longer a colonized country. Therefore the U20 Pildu did not violate the constitution. Even though Israel was present I hope Palestine can continue dialogue with Israel over territory sharing and the results are mutually acceptable."
not yet miss. haven't failed. not finished yet. the info is leaving for switzerland tonight. pray for success sis. Moreover there is already a guarantee from Pak Israel that he can play in the U20 World Cup
"Here okay! Israel's presence in the U20 World Cup is a moment for Indonesia to fight for the interests of the Palestinian people. So sport is not politics"
as a self reminder tags : ahyeon yati burundi 2-2 indonesia gapapaa ribka eve republic of indonesia 1 andin israel u20 racist
": president joko widodo: "israel's participation in the u20 world cup does not change Indonesia's political position towards palestine and indonesia will always support palestine fifa has rules that its members must follow pssi and fifa will find the best solution.""
The fact that Israel also took part in the U20 World Cup was only discovered last year. 2022 Indonesia was chosen to be the host for the year election. 2019 ago...
"That's cool! Israel's presence in the U20 World Cup is a moment for Indonesia to fight for the interests of the Palestinian people. So sport is not politics"
netizens are busy about the issue of israel in the u20 world cup.
"The info is ok! Israel's presence in the U20 World Cup is a moment for Indonesia to fight for the interests of the Palestinian people. So sport is not politics"
"Regarding the fuss over the cancellation of the U20 World Cup draw in Bali and Israel's participation President Jokowi said this"
"Here very useful information! Israel's presence in the U20 World Cup is a moment for Indonesia to fight for the interests of the Palestinian people. So sport is not politics"
"About the WC U20 Israel Palestine adjudication humanity UUD and politics. Everyone comments according to their ego and capacity."
sir like not focusing on watching a friendly match tonight. especially beside him there are people who refuse Israel's participation in the u20 world cup...
"MUI offers a solution: U20 stays in RI but Israel plays in Singapore"
Regarding Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup President Jokowi emphasized that Indonesia is still committed to supporting Palestine. after all this is football not the Israeli war.
"As football lovers in Indonesia of course we really support Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup because of the various rejections by the Israeli U20 team to play in Indonesia which has troubled Indonesia itself and has created problems that are so complicated and complicated‼"
""The pros and cons of the Israeli issue at U20 are too much" said Ben Gayeng 35 years old resident of Ashdod Israel.
"GP is not generous... we have supported R1 2024 we are flattered but it actually hurts your own supporters. We doubt whether GP can be given the burden of being president...? Addressing Israel's problems at the U20 World Cup you have blundered."
"As football lovers in Indonesia of course we really support Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup because of the various rejections for the U20 Israel National Team to play in Indonesia which has troubled Indonesia itself & has created very complicated and complicated problems‼"
President Jokowi said firmly: don't mix politics with sports. the participation of the israel national team in u20 did not affect the republic of indonesia's support for palestine
There was no voice from Indonesian football fans against the rejection of the Israeli U20 team
"In excess of senior politicians JK getting in among the bushes... shaking the people who have voiced their refusal. It's true that through sports a table of peace can be created between Israel and Palestine and the Republic of Indonesia to mediate on the sidelines of the U20 World Cup event. 1x two have been exceeded"
"It seems that from the beginning you applied for it and then you agreed that at U20 in Indonesia there were no words if Israel joined how about this why is it that when you want to start the boom is like this? When Israel passes it's normal when you want to start it's even banned. The question is why was it banned? now?"
you are getting caught getting stupid ===• the government is lobbying FIFA about the participation of the Israeli national team in the u20 world cup click to read: kompas.com+ read the news without ads: download the application:
It's time for Indonesia to gather strength so that Israel is treated the same as Russia was banned from the U20 World Cup
political parties that refuse the israel team to play the u20 world cup in indonesia are the same as looking for enemies with the football supporters here.. just prove it later if it is held here they will be completely opposed by netijen +62.. diplomacy for palestine independence can remain elegant. .
"If you are not sincere you will definitely make a blunder. The presidential candidate for Palestine is Israel for electability there are also those who are imaging the U20 World Cup for vice president.."
"When Indonesia was appointed as the host for the U20 World Cup in October 2019 I did not know if Israel was a participant because it was still in the pre-qualification process and only found out in July 2022."
Hypocrites began to spread in the issue of rejecting the U20 Israel National Team
at least your tweet can (slightly) divert the issue of pdip cq. reward for refusing the israel team to play in the u20 world cup.. or issue 349 t..
President Jokowi's complete statement about Israel at the 2023 U20 World Cup
at least your tweet can (slightly) divert the issue of pdip cq. reward for refusing the israel team to play in the u20 world cup.. or issue 349 t..
"Israel's team passes if he doesn't play the U20 World Cup event in Indonesia will be cancelled thank God it's canceled if that's the case"
"Israeli national team to participate in the U20 World Cup reaps polemic Jokowi descends from the mountain to guarantee this"
"Three points in Jokowi's statement regarding the Israeli national team polemic at the U20 World Cup we are still looking for a solution"
the progress of the israel national team in the u19 european championship to become a debutant team in the 2023 u20 world cup via
"American media is increasingly heating up Israel's polemic at the U20 World Cup highlighting heavy sanctions for Indonesia via"
"Palestine alone who is in conflict with Israel doesn't mind if Israel plays in the U20 World Cup instead other countries have objections that are super hilarious"
sorry for the correction auntie khaaaaaa rin Indonesia was selected/appointed for the u20 event in oct 2019 when prequalification was being held. and Israel just escaped in July 2022.
"Central Java governor Ganjar Pranowo expressed his firm stance against the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup because it was in accordance with the mandate of the first president of the Republic of Indonesia Soekarno who is committed to supporting Palestinian independence."
"It's a pity that the Israeli national team is being thrown here and there like taking care of e-KTP mui offers a solution: U20 stays in RI but Israel plays in Singapore"
Jokowi's complete statement on the Israeli national team polemic at the U20 World Cup
"Not to mention the matter of yesterday's award. This is clear evidence that Indonesia is not as safe as that guys. And it doesn't rule out the possibility that if the U20 World Cup takes place in Indonesia and Israel plays here their team can be intercepted by a period against Israel."
"The point is they still reject Israel but they don't want the U20 World Cup in Indo to be cancelled even if it is canceled they don't want to be penalized. I think that's what they want"
"wib. when Indonesia was a bitch. In my opinion (remember this is just my personal opinion) it's possible that the world cup in Indonesia will fail. why? because in my opinion FIFA is really concerned about the security of this event especially since they already know that there is a rejection israel national team etc."
Ah it's not clear if you act like that what's clear is don't be macla mecle...everyone gives options to be afraid of being attacked by Nitisen...now you just have to say that the U20 World Cup failed right?
"Not accepting the FIFA U20 tournament participants means rejecting the presence of the FIFA event. Besides in the context of Israel not recognizing Palestine do you dare not reject America's presence which until now has not even recognized Palestine Prof?"
"They came to compete in the world cup and the U-20s came you know and maybe not up to 100 people. If for example Israel's U-20s come to colonize I think they are the same as Indonesian junior high school students who like sarong wars they will also lose. You can debate as long as you don't seriously bro"
"we are busy with israel in the u20 world cup but we are relaxed about preparing for the final day. allah kareem"
"mahfud md is looking for a solution to the fate of the u20 world cup anies loyalists: only anti-pancasila are pro-israel colonialists"
"When we don't participate in rejecting Israel playing in Indonesia it doesn't mean we are pro Israel this is sport not politics we support the government to be successful in hosting the U20 World Cup for the sake of dreams and why does your nation or your crowd really like chaos?"
"Meanwhile they feel that Indonesia can make its own rules relating to Israel in the U20 World Cup. Do they think this is an event made by the government? Woyyy...wake up sir this is a FIFA event it is FIFA who have rules not you...."
"After the uproar becomes more evident and it is clear that a faction that rejects Israel and accepts Israel is already visible there will be the issue that Indonesia will officially fail to compete in the U20 World Cup. Those who speak out against it will be increasingly cornered."
"Do you want to be the host do you want it or not that's all it doesn't affect the position of Indonesian football but it definitely affects our identity position which is anti-state system like Israel. (To China too that should be) the u20 host only affects the id economy"
"God has determined that in May 2023 Indonesia will be led by the president of the Israeli U20 national team to play football in Indonesia....geto azza why bother..."
threads. the polemic of the israel national team at the u20 world cup was politicized by the government.
Hurry up and go to Palestine right now....the time has come....the U20 national team israel will come to Indonesia in a hurry...ask for financial support from ACT for jihad in Palestine that's it...let it be acc...uraaaaa
"Republic of Indonesia 1 has stepped in boss he said it doesn't matter even though the Israeli national team came to Indonesia for the 2023 U20 World Cup it has nothing to do with Indonesia's political stance towards Palestine it's okay Father Gibran's advice congratulations"
"Pak Jokowi said; that in the bid to host the U20 World Cup while still "qualifying" until Israel finally entered the finals this is the cause of the debate. clear!"
"imo the polemic for hosting the U20 World Cup is no longer about who is right and wrong but instead reveals the fact that our world of football is very much intertwined with social and political society. Moreover it is added to the understanding of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict which has been "crazy" at all levels either right or wrong"
"The president's statement should be appreciated. The task of the chairman is to fight for FIFA that the U20 event will remain in Indonesia with the Israeli national team or without Israel."
Accepting Israel to play in the U20 World Cup does not mean recognizing Israel's sovereignty
"*regarding the u20 world cup president: don't mix sports with politics* Indonesia was chosen as the host for the 2023 u-20 world cup. the president emphasized that the participation of the israel national team (timnas) in the sporting event does not exist"
"an overview of the losses and gains from the sports side against Indonesia Palestine Israel if the U20 World Cup is canceled in Indonesia."
"Until this second I'm still sure that the 2023 U20 World Cup will still be in Indonesia. As for Israel I don't know it's up to him whether he wants to play or not..."
"What's the conclusion? Bringing this case of recommendation is framed to reject Israel or what? it just broke"
"I am delighted with the blunders from the matter of rewarding presidential candidates to the affairs of U20 Israel. I support Pak side by side with PDIP who also benefited. But how come you don't want to win PDIP it's like you don't support people's votes. I'm confused again by the reward with PDIP rejecting Israel at the host."
"Pak Ganjar must support Pildun U20 in Indonesia so that the affairs of the Israeli team are managed by the center."
"Don't mix politics with sports. Indonesia may not recognize Israel. But if the Indonesian government bans the Israeli team from participating in the U20 world championship Indonesia can be banned from participating in international football events under FIFA."
"Sir it's ok. Welcome Team U20 Israel. This is a sport don't keep frying it"
"Right now I have ordered our general chairman of PSSI to find the best solution and we don't know Israel will pass the selection to be able to play the U20 World Cup !! 50% of the ball will be offered to PSSI & 50% to FIFA the ball is available in president.. owner of fifa ball"
Yesterday those who were hoaxing like this please repent!!! after Pak gave the position that the Israel U20 national team had nothing to do with Indonesia's foreign policy attitudes. repent loe pade bangke ...! there's a bucket-mouthed Corotv influencer... you're sorry!!!
"It's a lot of fun it's fun to live in this country it's okay the U20 World Cup final is going to Argentina vs. France not Israel"
"Bro? This is the answer to convince those who reject Israel for the U20 World Cup that our attitude outside is still the same supporting Palestine don't make it more noisy"
"Palestine-Indonesia-Israel there are some quite interesting things from FIFA U20 this time there are pros and cons with the arrival of U20 Israel to Indonesia."
the reason was when they were agreed to host the u20 they said they didn't know that israel had passed the European u19 qualifiers....this is a ridiculous answer
President Jokowi sent Erick Thorhir to find a solution with FIFA regarding the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
"The tragedy that Indonesian football should have been banned by FIFA is reflected in the Haysel Belgium tragedy in 1985 FIFA only thought that its business interests now at U20 were rejected by the Indonesian people because Israel was a participant FIFA wants to ban Indonesia"
"israel came with other countries to play football. and those who came were U20 bocil² not soldiers with weapons."
Chairman of the Central Indonesian Mosque Council Jusuf Kalla supports Israel's participation in the 2023 U-20 World Cup.
get off the rails of the discussion. what was discussed was the pros and cons of Israel taking part in WC U20 not even the matter of the nomination tragedy
"Palestine has no objection to Israel participating in the U20 world cup in Indonesia the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia Zuhair Al Shun said that his party had no objections to the Israeli national team participating in the U20 world cup event in Indonesia. He also emphasized the participation of every country in the event…"
"The U20 World Cup will be held in Indonesia uh the Israeli champion. How about that?"
point: +we do not depart from the principles of a state that supports the liberation/independence of the Palestinian state +strongly condemns all forms of colonialism in the world. The question is: - Will the Palestinian Israel U20 Team become independent automatically by rejecting it...? No !
Can Israel qualify for the U20 World Cup with the help of FIFA? Did you see the game during the U19 European Cup yesterday or not?
"""they are busy with each other"" it seems more and more real starting from the case of being beaten to a coma yesterday and now the fuss about the U20 world cup those who reject Israel vs those who want the world cup to continue are they from the same axis or not?"
"Enough to listen to the outpouring of the U20 national team striker Hokky Caraka about politics and football. In my opinion ""the Israeli U20 team came to Indonesia not for war nor for a political visit. They (who are still teenagers) just want to compete football""."
"Absolutely agree... the Palestinian ambassador who represents Palestine alone supports Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup here the Israeli team is refused to compete in order to defend Palestine but Palestine supports the Israeli team to compete in the U20 World Cup"
The response of the President of the Republic of Indonesia Joko Widodo in his speech regarding the controversial U20 National Team of the Republic of Indonesia 1 is racist thank God yes Allah the Arab World Cup SNMPTN World Cup you 20 afternoon Bawaslu Israel
The U20 World Cup is still in Indonesia but the Israel National Team let's play in Singapore sir don't let it enter our country.
president joko widodo spoke about the polemic over the participation of the israel national team in the 2023 u20 world cup which is planned to be held by indonesia in the middle of this year.
"Would you like to move wherever the host is at U20 if Israel is still a participant but if Indonesia is just a spectator while biting your fingers..."
Israel is listed as the team that entered the July 2022 qualification. Even though the effor to host has been running since 2021 so it is not yet known which teams will enter the U20 World Cup qualification. If you know that Israel has entered the Republic of Indonesia will definitely think twice. now all preparations have been made and out. Bsr funds
the stupid ones are rewarded by the koster. what right do they have to ban israel? Does the province have its ancestors??? what legal basis is used to refuse a fifa wc u20 participant
Gibran was told to stay in Palestine so he would know the atrocities of the Israeli people against Muslims so there was a lot of refusal for the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 Cup in Indonesia
"If we continue to be the hosts Palestinian supporters can continue to voice their voices and put a lot of mental pressure on the Israeli players namely by filling the stands and every time they hold the ball they immediately "boo"in (although I don't support that much because it's quite get the mentality of a u20 child)"
president: the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup does not affect the republic of indonesia's support for palestine. .. .. ..
President Joko Widodo (Jokowi) conveyed his attitude regarding the polemic of holding the U-20 World Cup in Indonesia. the head of state emphasized not to mix sports issues with politics
It was the regional leaders from PDIP who rejected the arrival of the Israeli national team at the U20 world cup... I think some football fans in Indonesia will not vote for presidential/vice presidential candidates in the 2024 presidential election because they have made the world cup float..
Jokowi's full statement regarding Israel's participation in the 2023 U20 World Cup and Indonesia-Palestine relations - orbit Indonesia RI1 Thank God yes Allah has recommended snmptn Arab Turkey Indonesia vs Burundi Israel Palestine Peru cat 3
"Jokowi regarding the U20 World Cup: don't mix sports and political affairs: this is what President Joko Widodo said regarding the polemic against the rejection of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia alluding to the constitution."
"With Israel passing do you think it's okay to still host the U20 World Cup?"
so there is no reason to refuse the israel u20 team to play. must obey the rules of fifa.
Jusuf Kalla said Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup was a moment for Indonesia to fight for the Palestinian people sport not politics
"It's chaos there uh suddenly the Israeli national team withdrew from the U20 World Cup but here it is already... wow"
only limited to slogans against radicalism and new intolerance groups with the rejection of the U20 Israel National Team already panic buds before they develop
"Yes if the president has spoken it means that the police and army will set up bodies for the U20 Israel National Team so yes it must be safe right?"
uh but earlier sir he just said that Israel's participation in the U20 world cup is fixed. lest Israel still participate but the organizers moved countries....xixixixixix. prank deh
Wow it's ready bro. Israel has already escaped from July last year mas... why are you protesting now? please watch the presidential secretariat mas. the president himself said. Please read the Presidential Instruction regarding the U20 World Cup.
bring? sorry correction israel u20 passed the qualification not an invitation from PSSI
"In sports sportsmanship is needed whether it's soccer the U20 World Cup or any sport whether you are black you want your religion or even if you are an Israeli citizen if those who deny that the Israeli team is competing they are only looking for a political platform"
Jokowi's statement regarding the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. please........
"Yes Jokowi just said everyone is looking for the best way right. It means that as a person they may accept it but according to regulations national integrity a culture that rejects Israel. Who doesn't want the World Cup to be held in our country even though we are in the U20 age class"
what do you think about the president's statement about the u20 world cup? I've been thinking since yesterday that the President will make a statement like this considering that the Palestinian ambassador doesn't matter how come Israel is playing in the U20 Cup.
If Israel is in B IN you don't want to make it special it's a country. the important thing is that the u20 world cup continues thank God bettttt finally
Israel continues to play at U20 wherever it is held. Palestine can still play in the Asian Cup and international events. israel &amp; Palestine is still at odds. banned Indonesian football.
the best sir...please Indonesia can be the organizer of the u20 world cup which has been prepared in advance with costs &amp; sweat of the nation's children sir...don't mix football with foreign policy sir...official &amp; the israel national team that will compete only wants to play football sir
even the Palestinian ambassador has already spoken out.. maybe we don't like Israel but remember don't forget the dreams of our own nation's children.. because whatever our decisions are the impact will be on our own country not Israel.. do you want them to win 2-0?
institutional clown. the people who are a minority in the percussion of worship have never managed to associate freedom of worship with the constitution &amp; uud 45. it's the turn to raise the egg of kadrun in the israel issue of the u20 world cup to bring the constitution &amp; bk. hypocrite clown
"There are still problems don't mix politics and football but reject the Israeli U20 national team."
I don't understand who the prompter was how can I give advice on refusing Israel's presence at the U20 WC. without considering that so far many Israeli athletes have come to Indonesia to attend championships
if you think about the Israeli issue set piece in the u20 world cup this is beautiful too.
Jusuf Kalla said Israel's presence to take part in the U20 World Cup was a moment for Indonesia to fight for the Palestinian people sport not politics
If those who support Israel join U20 can they go homecoming for free?
"No..the culprit was Wayan Koster the governor of Bali..the postscript was a PDIP cadre..he was the first to reject Tiem U20 Israel from competing in Bali..then the stupid cadres shouted..then followed by GP also refused... there was a frenzy... many idols using GP were disappointed with GP."
I answer. The soldier didn't play in the U20 world cup but he was ordered to kill the paleatine nation. the same people who dispatched and funded the israel team.
"It's a bit strange and shocking when the governor of Bali rejected Israel then SAS lastly Ganjar joined in refusing with exaggerated reasons. And finally it was successful the U20 World Cup was canceled here. Why did it seem like it was intentional was it because the state didn't have any money?"
"President Jokowi (RI 1) firmly talks about the 2023 U-20 World Cup (Pildun U20): don't mix politics with sports following the rejection of the Israeli National Team"
"Realize that Israel and its cunning politics via football have become a source of chaos support the You 20 World Cup against the Israel U20 national team don't give space to the constitution you have to uphold it sir. You blundered heavily this time.
"Rejecting the arrival of the Israeli U-20 National Team is a form of realization and implementation of the Republic of Indonesia constitution which is contained in the opening of the 45th paragraph of the first paragraph of the 1945 Constitution Phaaaam!! Don't drag football into politics right but Israel has made football a political tool without us"
"""so don't mix up sports with politics." — President of the Republic of Indonesia Ir. Joko Widodo. Where is the elite who said yesterday that the rejection of the participation of the Israeli National Team in the U20 World Cup is also the attitude of the government?? So clear the culprits of all this are 100% foolitic interests."
"Show the young people of Israel about kindness about tolerance love and independence so that they will grow up to think about it and make you proud."
"At least if there is peace communication with Israel Indonesia has welcomed Israel U20 to Indonesia."
just take care of that area boss...don't mix religion...politics...soekarno at the u20 event...if you refuse it from the start you refuse don't kr israel participate you immediately reject...your mindset shallow times
Israel isn't playing anymore it's over right the U20 world cup bijmana right?
"Why isn't Israel preparing for the U20 match in Papua NTT or Manado... (the people will definitely accept it...)"
"""forgive and pray to those who persecute you"""
*Just so you know...this kid is smarter and wiser in the way he thinks about the Israeli U20 national team.*
"Israel's match in the U20 Cup will still be in Indonesia but it should be held in Papua NTT or Manado..."
"How do you feel? If the U20 national team fails to play in the pildun. The future of the business is hard. It's hard. We're going to be in the front seat. If there's one country called Israel we'll have to take care of it with God. the end of time."
"Yes it is clearly Israel's fault. Calling Palestine and killing civilians is a big mistake. So if the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is because of Israel God bless you yes 100 percent correct. And if FIFA is strict ban colonial countries from participating in the World Cup.. if you dare. "
Megawati made a blunder which ended up trapping her own cadres. Whether on purpose or not PDIP has made the GP "locked" in the polemic over Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup. cut around the corner."
"I'm sorry sir your voting is weird you should be voting for Indonesia for the U20 World Cup not for Israel. Just voting is wrong how do you want to carry out President Soekarno's mandate"
"WC U20 let's take a chance or give a chance to another country? Is it possible that it will be selfish because we can't accept Israel? Because Israel is fast it will still be in competition and one thing we can say is that it's not a matter of profit or loss & there will never be regret it.. but I'm sure there will be one thing that will have a big impact"
"Recently seeing news again about the depravity of the government starting from the case of tax officials OTT everywhere the U20 World Cup public officials are busy arguing with Israel the House of Representatives is reckless to pass bills on creators while bills for appropriation of assets are sluggish oh the suffering of the end of the period "
pak jokowi... you really are... don't mix sports and politics... president jokowi/ the government will guarantee the israel national team during the u20 world cup in Indonesia.. those who refuse... just go to sea...
"Your head is concerned with humanity. The U20 Israeli children came to play somad football not wanting to go to war..."
Buya Yahya's answer regarding the pros and cons of Israel's participation in WC U20 Indonesia 2023
"I thought you were a true statesman it turns out you are. The uproar over Israel's rejection at the U20 World Cup shows who you really are. The fate of the nation's children is sacrificed for politics. Fortunately you haven't voted bro. Say goodbye to your dream of becoming the Republic of Indonesia 1 deh"
I'm sorry for your mindset... this is football... it's FIFA that rules and whether Israel has the right to participate or not it's FIFA not you... if you don't like telling FIFA Indonesia is crossed out from FIFA Kr Israel is participating in U20
oppung what is oppung's response regarding Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup?? please enlighten oppung
Accepting the Israeli team playing in the U20 World Cup doesn't mean we don't support Palestine to be independent and free from Israeli occupation. through football peace can be created and it is hoped that this will continue outside the football field.
Indonesia was chosen to be the host of the U20 World Cup. It was a painstaking effort. politics (carries all the constitution) don't use brains want to smudge why Indonesia on the world stage Indonesia welcomes Israel
he said take a stand reject u20 israel to protect ? he said there was brutal force ... come on let me hear who is brute force? You liar !!
"In the case of the U20 Israel National Team refusing the person who really and truly plays into the situation is Gibran. With several national event titles that have been held this time the Mayor of Solo has offered to make the region the U20 World Cup drawing."
"Most of our people sorry are still unable to separate sport (in this case football) from politics. Indonesia supports Palestinian independence and has no diplomatic relations with Israel but as host of the U20 World Cup it must accept all participants including Israel. "
"It's strange that organizations/individuals oppose Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup while the Palestinian ambassador is calm okay..."
"those who argued: ""the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia is okay u20 israel to indonesia. don't be more palestine than palestine please!"" apparently not following the leadership of mahmud abbas and his party. periodically hundreds of souls died at the loudest just criticizing israel."
Does Densus88 really not know the whereabouts and movements of each terrorist cell? what model expert is this? more dignified and more intelligent and elegant in rejecting the presence of the Israeli u20 national team on constitutional grounds (although debatable)
"*brikingnyusss* Jokowi's press is firm: the U20 World Cup will still be in Indonesia the Israeli team may participate. Don't mix sports and politics*"
if you have to come to Indonesia for U20 then the solution is... 1. don't watch in the stadium 2. don't pay any attention to Israelis who come during 3. raise the Indonesian flag outside the stadium. if so... wallahualam
"Maybe FIFA will say: the U20 World Cup was moved not solely because of Israel's rejection but because of the kanjuran tragedy you're dead !!!"
Yes don't do that Ahk it's like making fun of you. Min the atmosphere is cold like this.
it's good to say gus dur.... that's all it's a bother. gus dur embraces israel so he can lobby so that the people of Palestine are safe. So children under 20 who want to play soccer must be embraced so that when they grow up they will know that their government is Israel's Zionists.
I have never read any laws that refuse Israel to play football in Indonesia. Israel is not visiting and not colonizing they are only carrying out their obligations as a team that has successfully participated in the U20 World Cup to show their achievements. and participate in the international arena.
the truest match for the israel u20 team is playing at jis
hey jokowi actually supports U20 right?
Megawati made a blunder which ended up trapping her own cadres. Whether on purpose or not PDIP has made the GP "locked" in the polemic over Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup. cut around the corner."
To be precise: those who refuse Israel to play U20 in Indonesia are more stupid than the idiots
"Jusuf Kalla said if Israel takes part in the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia it will create peace efforts related to the interests of the Palestinian people through dialogue if the former vice president supports it"
president jokowi guarantees israel's participation in competing in the u20-20 world cup... passes
"I still can't believe how the U20 world cup can be this chaotic if Israel refuses why do they want to host it it's really complicated"
Indonesia did not know that Israel would qualify when it was appointed to host the U20
"President Joko Widodo's statement regarding the U-20 World Cup President Jokowi emphasized that the participation of the Israeli national team in the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia will not reduce Indonesia's consistency in supporting the independence of the Palestinian state. &lt;"
"a play on words that doesn't make sense invaders yes invaders where there are invaders angels bringing peace. He's just here to play football period. "
we will continue to defend Palestine. Finally in the future Indonesia has no place in the world of sports but Palestine will still exist in sports because Palestine has no objection to Israel participating in the U20 Cup. Only Indonesia refuses Israel to play in Indonesia. so what are the advantages of Indonesia? great indonesia
what is the capacity of reward and koster to reject the israel team in the u20 world cup? are they bigger than the president? This hierarchy in government is very chaotic. extraordinary these two governors. where are their brains?
"Israeli polemic at the U20 world cup: Jokowi takes a stand delegates Erick Thorhir meet FIFA"
very brave to make a decision in a political year that could erode his party's vote regarding the rejection of Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup in the Republic of Indonesia
"What made me so proud was that the two governors of LSG refused to allow the Israeli national team to participate in the U20 World Cup without waiting for the central government's decision even though the governors are representatives of the central government in the regions who have been said to be ojo kesusu instead insisting that the governors of Bali and Central Java."
yesss.. after all the u20 world cup is still in Indonesia and Israel is also participating.
boss continued statement reject U20 Israeli children who want to play football boss. waiting for this. your slightest blunder punish your ambition
"for the many rejections of the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup in Indonesia president jokowi sent the PSSI chairman to meet with the fifa team to find the best solution for the continuation of the u20 world cup hopefully there is good news"
"Difference between self-esteem and self-loathing. Those of us who applied for the U20 World Cup to be held in Indo which from the start should have known that there was a possibility that the Israeli national team would play in Pildun. Why is it that right after drawing only the constitution was revealed."
I as a connoisseur of football will confront all of you who refuse Israel to come to Indonesia to play soccer. We football fans are ready to be at the forefront of welcoming the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. keep that in mind for all of you.
President Jokowi guarantees Israel's participation in Indonesia's U20 World Cup 2023
President Jokowi guarantees Israel's participation in Indonesia's U20 World Cup 2023
the participation of the israel u-20 national team in the 2023 u-20 world cup in indonesia reaped polemic. the israel national team received rejection from various groups and elements to play in indonesia
"*kick off ina vs burundi brikingnyusss* *press Jokowi is firm: the u20 world cup is still in Indonesia the israel team can participate. don't mix sports and politics*"
buzzerrp is full of contempt it's not worth using. fifa said the 2nd one was not worth it. how can the regime not hold the u20 world football party without shame? : let's enliven the figures rejecting the Israeli team so that the regime is not ashamed.
"Palestinian Israelis sit together waiting for the lottery.. Indonesia is even roaring" "..u20 is a source of fortune for many people too especially Indonesian citizens from traders parking brokers ticket brokers"
but talking about it is clearly related because citing Bung Karno's mandate based on that mandate he rejected the Israeli U20 team. how is this sir?
"Jokowi's attitude is the same as the statement by the Palestinian ambassador. Regarding the Israeli polemic at the U20 World Cup Jokowi's attitude is like this don't be surprised via"
"Jokowi is thinking hard so that the U20 World Cup will remain in Indonesia followed by Israel via"
that's what koar koar refuses israel to come for the u20 world cup. I'm sorry you just want to look cool bro we're going to have an election soon okay?
"I don't agree that Israel is playing the U20 World Cup. Yes yesterday when Israel made sure to pass the election it didn't work at the Fifane demo why didn't Arep kick off again in full swing wingi2 do you want it? Why are you still trying to catch Rai !!"
"I wish" this if Israel doesn't qualify for the U20 world cup which country will be the reason for rejecting the world cup in Indonesia don't get me wrong America is also an occupier Iraq where the majority of Muslims are destroyed but why isn't it an issue? That's really funny isn't it? all.."
"When I proposed to host the U20 World Cup no one knew that Israel would be one of the participating countries?"
"The Palestinian Ambassador to the Republic of Indonesia Zuhair Al Shun said that his party had no objections to the Israeli National Team participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. The Palestinian Ambassador did not mind"
min.. israel big odds if u20 wins.. just bet. lol
what is your attitude regarding the arrival of the israel national team at the u20 world cup ???
"Jusuf Kalla said if Israel takes part in the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia it will create peace efforts related to the interests of the Palestinian people through dialogue. (ist)"
"gus dur nu pkb pro israel. the ending will support u20...stale charade"
"In addition to the U20 World Cup apart from Israel there is America. Do you know that the majority of Jews in America are Jews?"
"Problems in Indonesia are never finished one has not been resolved and has just emerged again. The police shoot the police the elite drugs politics towards 2024 the Rafael case of the Ministry of Finance the most recent is Israel's rejection of U20"
then...why did you say Indonesia was chosen to host the U20 World Cup before Israel was declared qualified... if at that time Indonesia knew that Israel would qualify Indonesia would be rejected... you...sometimes you... you're talking about it mencle...
"The Israel U20 National Team will only play in Papua Mr. President if West Indonesia doesn't want and can't accept the U20 National Team to play Papua is ready to help make this event a success..."
"I'm sorry Pak Jokowi I want to pray the longest I have to press conference first I hope it goes smoothly sir the U20 World Cup later and the Israel National Team and other countries can safely play in Indonesia this is sport not politics"
President of the Republic of Indonesia Joko Widodo finally opened his voice regarding the participation of the Israeli national team in the 2023 U20 World Cup. The president said the presence of the Israeli national team would not shake Indonesia's political stance towards Palestinian independence.
bravo dare to speak loudly defend what is right palestine does not mind israel's youth team playing in the u20 world cup israel the first country to help victims of the aceh tsunami with enormous assistance this is a sport playing football not politics it's just weird to create issues
the governor of Bali and the 'presidential candidate' are rewarding the governor... why are you getting involved in Israeli affairs at U20?
yes that's right. but we will host the u20 world cup. the israel national team also came as a participant. I don't want diplomacy to Indonesia. We hope Israel loses all the time. and immediately took the suitcase.
"President Jokowi opens his voice about the U20 World Cup" "I guarantee that Israel's participation has nothing to do with the consistency of our foreign policy position towards Palestine... and in matters of this U20 World Cup do not mix sports and political affairs"" "
gess.. if israel wins the u20 world cup the odds are really big I think..
"The Palestinian Ambassador to the Republic of Indonesia Zuhair Al Shun said that his party had no objections to the Israeli National Team participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. &lt;"
Jokowi's stance on Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup: Our support for Palestine is always solid
Deputy Governor of Bali Tjok Oka Artha Ardhana Sukawati or Cok Ace said that the Bali Provincial Government's rejection of the Israeli team in the U20 World Cup had gone through careful consideration.
President Jokowi's complete statement regarding the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup
I am upright Jokowi is not a member of any party to hell with party politicians if they are not in line with the president President Jokowi said firmly: don't mix politics with sports the participation of the Israeli national team in U20 will not affect the Republic of Indonesia's support for Palestine
won't go in with the white people who are already stupid too. Imagine if Israel won the U20 World Cup in Indo. can be supported by Densus in this way
"jokowi confirms the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup president: it has nothing to do with politics"
"President Jokowi gave his explanation for the polemic over the participation of the Israeli football national team in the U20 World Cup. According to Jokowi sports issues should not be mixed up with politics. &lt;"
"hahahaha it's so funny you want to move your subordinates you are in the Israeli u20 rejection poll just sucks"
the pros and cons of Israel's presence at the Indonesia U20 World Cup created 2 opposing waves. 1. counter wave voiced by religious and slightly nationalist 2. pro-israel wave voiced by secular and liberal
Satisfied with you officials. Religious leaders. Opponents of Israeli sports for hospitality. Friendship through the sport of football competing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. FIFA will give sanctions to PSSI. Revoke the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. you guys are great
political year year looking for a stage his intention might be to seek votes by rejecting the israel national team (even though sport has nothing to do with diplomatic affairs) so let's football fans also reject the white hair during the campaign for killing the dreams of the nation's children
can the Israeli flag be replaced with white or pink.... the problem is that residents of +62 are rather sensitive to that flag. like Russia at the Olympics. This is playing ball not shooting and those who are playing are children under 20 not adults. sing sat set nunu lah.
"Regarding the U-20 World Cup President: Don't mix sports with politics. Indonesia was chosen as the host for the 2023 U-20 World Cup. President Joko Widodo emphasized the participation of the Israeli national team (timnas) in the event"
"Disappointed tourism actors urge governor to withdraw rejection letter against Israel at U20 World Cup"
"According to me the solution to the Israeli polemic is only 1: FIFA crosses Israel out of the U20 World Cup. So the tournament continues FIFA is free from double standards national team athletes can fulfill their dreams the government remains abiding by the constitution physical preparations and venue budgets are not wasted." useless. everyone is happy."
I mean supporting Indonesia to enter the U20 Israel National Team... that's a trick question.
"The last tweet bro - without narration - just instructions (forward) for the month of fasting it looks like fasting is talking except for the statement on the rejection of the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup.. which was a blunder.."
"The Palestinian ambassador said he didn't mind Israel taking part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia how come some Indians who refused felt more panicked at Palestine than the Palestinian ambassador himself"
plot twist of the israel team's refusal to take part in the u20 world cup in indonesia because of the lack of fans and euphoria for the indonesian national team.
"Jokowi's firm stance on Israel's participation in the 2023 U20 World Cup mentions honor"
"The president has already talked about the U20 World Cup although the certainty is still unclear. But I propose to all football fans if you play in Indonesia later when the games Israel fills the stadium and unfurl the Palestinian flag during the match"
It is clear and true that there is no connection between political and sports affairs. Accepting Israel as a participant in the U20 World Cup will not change Indonesia's attitude towards Palestine. Mr. President there are still the best
"Then there is no difference from the arrival of the Israeli U20 soccer team later (if it happens) PSSI is only the host... the team is coming at FIFA's invitation as the one who has the event... or is there really a difference please understand no know that because..."
"President Joko Widodo gave his explanation on the polemic over the participation of the Israeli national football team (timnas) in the U20 World Cup which will be held in Indonesia according to Jokowi sports issues should not be mixed up with politics"
we have lived in black and white for too long. Even though if you accept Israel's U20 children playing football at the You 20 World Cup later it doesn't mean that we agree to support Israel....
Because of Israel's refusal to enter U20 without realizing it you have broken the hearts of young U20 female talents who dreamed of playing at WC U20. they have prepared themselves all the way to overseas. the impact is that our soccer ball will definitely be banned in all competitions both local &amp; int'l. great...!!!
"Starting from rising flight ticket prices cooking oil to the case of Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup the pattern is the same for all. Guess soap operas"
"Regarding the Israeli polemic at the U20 World Cup Jokowi's attitude is like this don't be surprised"
"In the midst of a heated debate over the issue of FIFA U20 regarding the presence of the U20 Israel National Team President Jokowi brought fresh air. It is clear what the President said don't mix sports with politics"
"Regarding the U20 World Cup President: Don't mix sports with politics."
indonesian footballers from u20 dream.a is destroyed why not in all fields of sports destroyed at the same time in all fields of sports there are Israelis.a how come there is no reason to ban the national team of other countries sport has no political influence the smoother the event the more glorious this country
for lower-class Palestinians in Gaza... Jerusalem... Al Quds... Hebron etc... even though it's still not through sports. apart from the political realm.. because of the u20 there are also political lobbies. Indonesia if it gives Israel a chance... it's the same as opening the door for Israel for the future in other matters.
"How are you doing other sports that have players from Israel? How come it's cool... it doesn't mean that I comment like this I support Israel... Palestine is just that open your eyes and heart who are we? What power do we have to cancel Israel's participation in the cup the u20 world? where we are kicked"
"If what is feared is attacks from far-right or terrorist groups.... whether there is a U20 World Cup or not with or without Israel Indonesia will still be their target!"
colonial israel can't take part in the u20 world cup what's the difference russia can't take part in the qatar world cup
stress israel supporters wkwkwkwk. It's certain that the U20 World Cup will be held in Indonesia. don't bother anymore. wkwk doesn't affect you
boys who want to play soccer make a fuss about it until it's the turn of the Israeli parliament obviously political people come here the fuss doesn't get that much
president's talk president joko widodo finally spoke out regarding the chaotic rejection of israel in the u20 world cup. The following is what was conveyed by the President of the Republic of Indonesia. ℹ: cnn
There are a few clues bro: 1. Lodeh palace vegetables 2. The Governor of Bali issued a notice regarding Israel's U20 3. Wali Solo is ready to host the U20 drawing sir is there any resistance???
"So something went wrong rejecting Israel or allowing him to take part in the u20 event...should be allowed to come as soon as he appears on the Israeli field just bully him...remember we are the largest population in the world our bullying power is like a weapon of mass destruction."
this time PDIP was considered offside as a result of the refusal of 2 of its cadres to host the U20 World Cup which included Time Israel
Rejecting the Israeli National Team is more important than the benefits of holding the U20 World Cup Rejecting a harm is more important than a benefit
president jokowi about the Israeli polemic at the u20 world cup: don't mix sports and politics!
"It's a shame Pak Ganjar made a statement rejecting Israel as a participant in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia goodbye Mr Ganjar if you are a presidential candidate in 2024 I doubt your victory I'm sure you will lose"
"If the coach says bald: Israel's u20 national team are only children who want to play football and have dreams in football. Don't let Indonesian football be ruined by parents with the interests of 2024 and the interests of the voices of the Muslim community use Soekarno's appendages again dogs."
Earlier I watched Pak Jokowi's video confirming regarding the U20 world cup that Israel was not previously on the team that will advance to the world cup and will only enter October 2022
especially the politicians who are looking for a face for Israel to participate in the u20 world cup.
These are public officials seeking attention refusing Israel to enter Indonesia because of the U20 FWC.
because if you know politics there are rotten people inside. imagery of all kinds for the sake of seeking popularity so that his name rises. whatever method is used. It really happened in 2024 Indonesia election. then now israel u20 entered the world cup in indonesia. well it's really good to be a plastic material.
"The good image you have built so far Mr. Ganjar is because you support the PDIP stantmen against the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team. You are one of the people who destroyed the dreams of the nation's children to play in the world cup. Sorry Mr. Ganjar I say goodbye to being your supporter"
"Eh I just realized yesterday that the U20 Israel tweets and Madrid fans refused it turns out that this is what the Madrid fans meant"
"""jokowi: the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup does not affect the republic's support for palestine"""
"Essentially hate can be stupid don't Israel come to play football not spread hate we should support the U20 World Cup in Indonesia give good dishes and feel happy for all countries that come to Indonesia keep up the enthusiasm and don't give up"
"israel may participate in the u20 world cup but must say ""I love fried rice"""
I refuse Israel to be honest but I want to keep U20 running in Indonesia and I will accept whatever the decision is so et there carrying a heavy mission there must be a sentence if Indonesia refuses what is FIFA's solution more than just discussing drawint
Terrorism expert Noor Huda Ismail believes that the arrival of the Israeli national team will threaten the stability and security of Indonesia because of the many acts of terrorism
president on israel in the u20 world cup don't mix sports with religion and politics
President Jokowi guarantees that the Israel National Team will continue to play in the Indonesian U20 World Cup
"The question is is Israel participating in this world cup Israel colonizing? Then they "colonize" FIFA to get them into the U20 world cup? Don't they qualify through the qualifying route and they deserve a spot in the world cup ."
"Mr. Anies the people of Republic of Indonesia were given your statement regarding the grand event of the U20 cup which will be held and there will also be the Israel U20 national team. Please be brief and clear sir. This is important sir. Greetings."
"Keep going Pak Jokowi!!! to hell with the mob"" Rejecting the Israeli U20 National Team!!!!"
president jokowi guarantees the israel national team in the u20 world cup: don't mix sports and politics via
The fate of holding the U20 World Cup in Indonesia has become unclear after FIFA canceled the draw in Bali later this month. this was after the emergence of rejection of the planned arrival of the Israeli national team by a number of regional heads. following
"suggestions that several U20 matches will be held in NTT when the Israeli team plays in Timor Leste but with the hope that they will not advance to the advanced stages."
"The president released a statement regarding the U-20 world cup from the Merdeka Palace Jakarta Tuesday (28/3/2023). In his statement Jokowi said that FIFA was aware of the rejection of the participation of the Israeli national team in the U-20 world cup"
"The Indonesian government should have said from the start before officially hosting the U20 World Cup that it rejected Israel. If it's too late now Indonesia must accept the consequences."
"Buzzer your eyes sir. Why do you refuse there is a lot to lose. Israel continues to play in the U20 world cup Palestine also continues to play in the Asian Cup Indonesia is even banned by FIFA... banned by FIFA the league doesn't work many people will lose their livelihoods  what is there is actually miserable for the nation itself "
"Man... don't let your dream of the U20 national team be buried because of the narrowness of your way of thinking... where have you been since the beginning of Indonesia's decision to host the world cup and Israel passed last year... what are you doing now it's not clear?"
"Just check the video at the presidential secretariat the conclusion is Jokowi gave the Israeli national team a way to play in the U20 World Cup"
"Israel's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup has reached the ears of President Joko Widodo. In his official statement (28/3) Jokowi stated several things. | daily narrative"
by accepting israel the u20 competition in indonesia. it's the same as you admit that the Israeli state which annexed the Palestinian state from the beginning FIFA was not neutral
I think the visa is valid according to their participation but if they don't pass the visa is no longer valid right? And it won't be released again until Palestine becomes independent.
"Erick Thorhir flies to FIFA headquarters in Switzerland tonight discusses Israel's participation in the world cup"
"breaking news president jokowi agreed with the ambassador of palestine separating political affairs from sports is the government's task: to succeed in the u20 world cup. full stop. it doesn't matter who the participants are. want israel or your village team. take care of hello"
"The Israeli and Palestinian national teams continue to play in international events Israeli and Palestinian football fans can watch their national teams compete while Indonesia fails to host the U20 and continues to be banned from international events what happens if it's like that?"
"Beyond the FIFA sanctions there are other consequences that are no less severe if Indonesia cancels being the host because of Israel's polemic over participating in the U20 World Cup."
"Why did Gibran dare to go against his 2 seniors in the PDI-P about Israel's refusal to participate in the U20 WC in Indonesia because Gibran wanted to defend his father's face internationally. Pak Jokowi would be humiliated if the event failed to be held in Indonesia."
Honorary host of the U20 World Cup for Indonesia. Israel's participation has nothing to do with the Republic of Indonesia's support for Palestine. Excellent
Palestine alone turned out to have no problem with Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup.
"Players want to play wrong. Supporters watching football wrong. Anti-Israel government wrong. Canceled WC U20 in Indo wrong. Take care of just one ball round the country. It's better to ban the ball temporarily so it won't be noisy."
"President Jokowi said ""Don't mix sports with politics I sent the general chairman of PSSI to FIFA to find a solution"" FIFA is now aware of the rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team"
but Jokowi played it safe didn't refuse didn't support him he just sent Et to go to meet FIFA to find the best solution for the U20 World Cup I should guarantee Israel's safety please play in Indonesia....
Central Java Governor Ganjar Pranowo was blasphemed by netizens for Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup
"Indeed this is the senior world cup wkwkkw this is the u20 world cup indeed you have a coup d'état right U-19 used to win in Asia together and lost in the final 3-0 to Israel now they have resigned because the federation has many politicians"
"Israel even gave no response to the excitement of the u20 national team they were rejected by themselves... maybe it doesn't have any effect on whether they want to be rejected or not by the Republic of Indonesia. What is certain is that this u20 issue has divided and torn our unity... this is the point ... ""they have succeeded"" dividing us !"
"What was rejected according to the constitution was the Israeli government which currently occupies the Palestinian territory while those who came to Indonesia for the U20 World Cup were national team footballers who did not fully represent Israel. So..."
for those who rejected the israel national team in the u20 world cup are you currently satisfied if our football which is currently doing well will be penalized by fifa...?? you guys are smart but you guys can't tell the difference between sports and politics. you guys are just looking for a stage
agree with Mr. president regarding attitude towards the israel u20 national team. governors should not be in a hurry and precede the central government in a statement that the central government is making up.
"I still support sir even though I am disappointed with his words against Israel... what do you say sir just keep it in your mind and heart. I'm sorry for U20 children. Next time ask me first ask netizens."
Palestine has no objection to Israel taking part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia &lt;&lt; those who are fighting with israel don't matter click to read:
Palestine has no objection to Israel participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia read on
"Seeing netizens making a fuss about Israel and the U20 World Cup I have a feeling this event will still be in Indonesia"
So far his story has no problem with Israel playing in tomorrow's U20 World Cup
"The matter is getting complicated the one who gave the solution is complicated. The host for the U20 World Cup is Indonesia one of the participants is the Israeli national team which was rejected. Why are you told to play in someone else's country. Strange solution."
"Why do you have to refuse...a lot to lose. Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup with the host going to be moved Palestine can also still play in the Asian Cup Indonesia is even banned by FIFA...banned by FIFA the league doesn't work there will be lots of people who lost his livelihood."
We strongly condemn Israel's barbaric acts against Palestinians. but football is still football. nothing to do with politics. FIFA has regulations that must be obeyed as the host country. and because of our stupid attitude. Indonesia failed to host at U20
"If the U20 World Cup fails the Israeli and Palestinian national teams can rank up and be more advanced. Indonesia? The children's dreams of becoming world players have been dashed."
The U20 World Cup has nothing to do with Israel. Just let him play in Indonesia. Why should he be denied his arrival?
"It's not a boycott but it's more against Israel participating in the U20 World Cup right this is an international organization.
"Asked Hokky Caraka a U20 national team player who said those who refused Israel buried their dreams of playing in the U20 World Cup. Soekarno just rejected Israel who is Hokky Caraka?"
it's a shame our u20 team worked hard for so long to practice so it was useless. If I let Israel compete in Indonesia. even our citizens are watching to fill the stands but later raise thousands of Palestinian flags. it might spread to the whole world. we oppose elegantly but implacably
"I'm welcome to Israel the U20 World Cup has just been canceled in Indonesia... and football has never won plus the fans are riotous"
"MUI offers a solution: U20 stays in RI but Israel plays in Singapore __ even though MUI can issue halal certification for Israel why not do it?"
"Yes yes he thinks to himself that if Israel plays in the U20 world cup Indonesia will not be banned and he has a job. If Israel does not play Indonesia will be banned and he will become unemployed"
"I just wanted to comment on what I saw with my own eyes regarding the rejection of the U20 Israel National Team the governor of Bali refused emphatically while the governor of Central Java also refused here's another Mayor of Solo commenting that he is ready to host the U20 World Cup if"
"the rejection of the israel u20 national team. this is a complicated problem and people are divided into 2 camps. what i want to discuss is the statement "don't mix sports with politics"
"These groups are again moving against the Israeli national team just managing our country is not right Indonesian football is not yet clear that it wants to take care of world football. strange... strange... what if U20 Israel only plays in Papua if Bali refuses."
"Those who want to come to play soccer for kid Israel who want to attack and make fun of uncle uncle and he attacks in his own country then his own country's image is damaged that kid Israel when he returns to his country can tell his genk friends if there is a country that is that afraid in come bocil2 u20."
"It's really strange how come there are people joining in rejecting Israel wkk where were you when there was a bicycle racing event in Rawamangun last February where were you when there was the Ifac Jakarta event??? even though Israel had already passed the U20 World Cup last year but just right just get away quietly"
"It's safe to play football there the wind doesn't kill hundreds of spectators. The only reason for refusing the U20 World Cup is because justice for the victims of the recommendation hasn't been received yet it's not a matter of the Palestine-Israel federation should have received sanctions since then!"
"Why are you still questioning the participation of the Israel U20 national team? While they are coming to compete why not? Remember fighting for the independence of other countries doesn't have to be at the expense of the dreams of the nation's children"
"The Israeli riots in the u20 are already lost in the forest there is no food there are only pigs but because it is illegal they are determined not to eat until they die that's what they call stupid!!!!"
"What do you mean min? It's precisely by refusing Israel to play in Indonesia reminding that even though the proposed case was closed for the sake of holding the U20 World Cup in the end fate said otherwise."
"Well this makes me curious there is an issue of FIFA's attitude because of the readiness of the 6 venues &amp; it's not a matter of Israel. So I'm curious what FIFA's official statement is about the issue of the cancellation of Indonesia being the host of the U20 WC I hope the U20 WC will remain in Indonesia & Israel can learn a lesson from attitude their government."
noted the unscrupulous regional head who banned Israel from competing in the u20 and his party
Support Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup to Indonesia or not? waiting for your direct inquiry
"My political view is that if the government is keen to hold the U20 World Cup with the participation of Israel in 2024 the PDIP will drastically drop the vote"
"Did the existence of the Israeli national team at U20 inspire PDIP to attract the mass of voters who came from the radical 212 group? to silence? However it appears that this is a political maneuver. That's why the Palestinian ambassador's words were ignored because they didn't match the "script" "
"If we remember Wayan Koster didn't say anything before there was a 212 demonstration which was radically anti-Israel national team at U20. At that time I was just annoyed with the radical group that seemed to be the owner of Indonesia at that time PDIP and anyone else didn't speak. I was very surprised you know Wayan Koster wrote a letter "
"Why did the PDIP take an anti-Israel attitude in U20 football? Why is the moment now not since Indonesia wants to host the U20? Don't you understand that Israel is taking part? After all FIFA itself doesn't want to politicize football why?? Why???"
"Maybe in your opinion if Israel is denied attendance at the U20 World Cup Palestine is directly free from disputes with Israel. The Palestinian ambassador said it was not a problem why are you the one who is making an issue? It's weird for you all..."
"Solo Bandung or Palembang are willing to replace Bali as the place for the U20 World Cup drawing how come they are excited does that mean it doesn't matter if the Israeli team comes?"
"haris accepting Israel's participation in the u20 in Indonesia is not the same as recognizing Israel's existence."
"I like football and the national team I am definitely in the group that refuses Israel to come and play regardless of the dream of some of the nation's children playing in the U20 world cup including caraka hockey."
I support the U20 still being held....but what is clear is that I do not support Israel...
"U20 will continue to play in Indonesia but Israel will only play in Bali."
"It should have been sanctioned since the tragedy as long as justice for the victims is still far away then there is no football that deserves to be celebrated by the federation it should have been sanctioned and deprived of its hosting rights since the recommendation there is no need to bring Israel to boycott WC U20"
"Palestine doesn't matter if Israel participates in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia how come there is so much fuss in Indonesia? via"
"Incidentally yes Mr. Std. Manahan Solo is on the list of venues for the U20 World Cup. But what can you do why is there an anti-Israeli youth bond wkwkwk... has this feeling of "hatred" grown since childhood? Where does it come from? "
"is it like israel will take a long time in wc u20 going back to the group phase"
"1. Indonesia will be banned by FIFA from the official matches on the FIFA agenda crossed out of the 2023 Asian Cup & of course the Indonesian league players will also be out of luck later 2. Palestine will continue to play in the 2023 Asian Cup 3. Israel will continue to play in the U20 World Cup &amp; euro qualifying"
"As many people watch football at the stadium it won't reach 7 million spectators; but if you let the U20 team compete then 7 million people move where do you want to put it mbok thinkrr... refusing the Israeli team to participate in the match for the common good truckbeer!!!"
"That's what Israel refused to take part in the U20 World Cup right when the FIFA Open Volunteer joined the list or not right?"
Israel will soften like that with Palestine if the Israel U20 National Team is banned from entering Indonesia.
"That's how defending people's countries even though there are those who are looking for a bite of rice from the U20 FIFA World Cup project. The Palestinian ambassador said it doesn't matter too right where are some international matches in Indonesia how come there are athletes from Israel how come it's so noisy now it looks really messy."
"Leaders and regional heads who oppose Israel playing football at the U20 World Cup are not worthy of being leaders of this nation. FIFA's statute is clear football is a sport not politics. This part is clear.... Indonesia's 2024 political stage will blind you."
"Gibran was annoyed that Israel was rejected the governor of Bali &amp; Ganjar 2019 Indonesia volunteered to host the U20 World Cup &amp; the governor who was appointed as the host of the U20 World Cup signed a government guarantee that he was willing to hold it properly... Gibran was disappointed that 2 governors denied it promise"
the bohirnya wan abud even agreed to the israel national team to participate in the u20 world cup. this is the stupid pdip who got caught in the betmen's trap by kadrun. If later it gets canceled Jokowi will definitely be bullied by them.
i hate israel I support Palestine. on to the u20 world cup. when else will Indonesia be able to perform with prospective world star players
"Unknowingly the most "frontal" party idealism in Indonesia is the PKS and PDIP... Soekarno's idealism which used to be very opposed/anti-Israel is attached to every PDIP cadre. What's the problem is it still relevant today? poor young people/ Indonesian fans who will welcome U20 WC"
"Indo-Israeli import and export continues is a form of support for colonialism support for the U20 World Cup which contains young teenagers who want to be balanced it means supporting colonialism obeying the constitution how come you are selective"
PDIP should be more realistic in addressing the polemic over Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup. world politics has changed much differently from the Bung Karno era which at that time there were still 2 poles of us vs us. PDIP is fighting against the changing times. the risk is very big.
"The question is the commitment not to blacklist Israel in all kinds of sports if later there will be Indonesia don't just because of the hype for WC U20 Israel will reject it"
"If Indonesia defends itself as a mediator between Ukraine and Russia for world peace then why don't we see this opportunity for Israel and Palestine through this PD-U20 event? Instead look at it from a negative perspective. If you want to create world peace according to the mandate of the 1945 Constitution don't use standards. double."
I didn't expect Israel to qualify for the U20 finals... . Pak Jokowi may not have thought of it. at that time. also a calamity of luck
Yes it's the same with Israel but do you understand the context did the Governor of Bali reject the U20 Volleyball World Cup or not?
"Why is the rejection of the Israeli national team the reason for FIFA to cancel the U20 World Cup in Indonesia? I hope the reasons make more sense for example the tragedy right?"
Never mind admit that Israel's rejection at the U20 World Cup soccer event was purely a political move. Yes I hope that rejection can be popular in the eyes of narrow-minded people
"Palestine doesn't have a problem with Israel joining FIFA U20. It's a country that is clearly in conflict with Israel there is no Palestinian call to the international community to boycott Israel."
"Isn't this the same: what if organizations people who refuse Israel to play in Indonesia move first to Singapore until the U20 World Cup is finished? After that they return to Indonesia. Isn't that funny?"
"had submitted a condition to FIFA regarding the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup acting minister of youth: there was no common ground"
letting them play here doesn't mean we justify and support what israel is doing. because with the implementation of the u20 championship we will have the momentum to show attitude &amp; our support for Palestine to the world in a more elegant way.
"Just check it out there are many here who feel they understand more than the Palestinian leadership understands. Palestine has no objection to Israel participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
even though soccer could make Palestine and Israel get along (even for a moment).... but burying the dreams of our children the u20 national team players and us fathers who had the opportunity to support our own country in the world cup (once once in a lifetime opportunity) so vanished
two countries against israel in u20 world cup
"Preoccupied with talking about Bung Karno's mandate those who rejected Israel must have been because the U20 World Cup had no effect on his life he added while seeking attention from the voices of groups who are more Palestinian than Palestinians themselves"
"blablabla bro what date will Israel qualify for the u20 world cup 2023? When will Indonesia officially host the u20 world cup 2023? If you already know & still insist you will tell the people around you who have already invested money to sell trinkets for the cup u20 world hit by ""ideology"" lu ntar"
"MUI offers a solution: the U20 World Cup is still in RI but Israel is playing in Kalimantan"
"WC U20 was canceled not because Israel came but that was the way for the prayers of the people who have not received justice until now."
"Indeed the impression is like an overslept hero even though Palestine you don't mind Israel joining U20 in Indonesia"
"The governor of Bali has issued a letter of refusal but stated that the rejection of Israel is not his attitude. The mayor of Solo stated is ready to hold the U20 World Cup draw."
damn. rightly said. poor u20 young people. Yes it's good if you want to protest against Israel not being allowed to play it should have been far away.
lohhh initially Russia was not banned by FIFA but with European countries or you could call it UEFA. If that's the case during the qualification period Indonesia proposed to AFC to ban Israel at U20.
"Palestinian Woles. Some Indonesians are mules. Palestinian Ambassador to the Republic of Indonesia Zuhair Al Shun on Saturday (25/3/2023) said that his party had no objections to the Israeli national team participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
North Sulawesi especially Manado Minahasa is ready to receive the U20 Israel National Team. peace loving person. people are all basudara. We are all brothers
This seems to be a group of hurt people whose candidates failed to become PSSI's chairmen. They continue to invite their sympathizers from political people to find loopholes. Israel's refusal to prevent the U20 World Cup is why PSSI &amp; Erick is getting worse
"The truth about the issue at U20 in Peru is still unclear even though senior journalist A1 said. There is no news on FIFA's Instagram yet. Why don't you just exchange it at the same time Peru hosts U20 & Indonesia hosts U17? Hopefully there will be no Israel at U17. and I think the Indonesian U17 team is also better"
Since the issue of Israel's rejection at the U20 World Cup my thesis has become increasingly crowded
"MUI offers a solution: the U20 World Cup is still in RI but Israel is playing in Singapore"
"If Mr. Erick Thorhir and his team can lobby FIFA not to replace the host in the U20 the worries of Indonesian footballers can be answered. Henceforth the government and security forces will work extra hard to deal with those who reject Israel."
"Palestine is not noisy... why do institutions officials/leaders mass organizations parties in this country seem to be the most defended truest Palestinians to reject the Israeli U-20 football team... taking care of the people isn't really true just for fun they themselves are not for the people"
noise about Israel at the U20 world cup Gibran: Pak Erick moves quickly to meet FIFA
I think the attitude of the u20 retainer is more heroic than just expelling the Israeli u20 team which in the end we are judged to be inconsistent with their previous attitude... it's better to beat them in a match
"There's a lot of talk about the U20 World Cup and Israel. It's just gas it's the most war. But it's nothing I've been trained in pubg for 4 years. I can't hold the akm even the m4 is outside the head"
"Natural selection towards the best seeds for 2024 cannot be hindered. The Israeli u20 team only has a winnowing look to "integrate the grain" for seeds in 2024. which turns out to be not"
bro for example the action of rejecting the Israeli U20 national team continues ono against the action of rejecting the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team piye?
"Your Excellency asked: Don't thousands of Indonesians come to Jerusalem the Israeli-occupied territory apply for visas from Israel shop in Israel? Please answer"
"Yes it's normal for parties politicians state officials to reject the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup. Can ordinary people do that?"
u20 world cup: hokky caraka gave a shocking message to those who rejected the arrival of the israel national team
"1. Indonesia rejected the israel team even though they were just athletes not a matter of politics 2. canceled being the host at u²⁰ which had been attempted 3 years ago 3. pssi was banned from fifa international events ranking dropped 4. the israel team still competed in the event at u20 in place another 5. the national team and we are the spectators"
If those who are asked by party people they will definitely reject what is in their minds only politics. If those who are asked are football lovers I will definitely accept the Israeli team so that at U20 it will continue
"No...the issue of the facility problem...was also exhaled by the initiators of Israel's rejection...you know the intent and purpose?? Well...wash your hands. those who sparked it they also tried to blame the government for the issue of Indonesia's failure so host this wc u20."
"I'm anti-Israel even in the context of the U20 World Cup I still reject it."
"I am anti-Israel. But let their national team (Israel U20 national team) participate! Remember sport is not politics sir!!! Don't link politics to sports."
"Well there's no need to use Israel to boycott WC U20 because the Federation should have been banned since the Kanjuruhan tragedy especially now that justice for the victims is getting further away but the people of the ball actually want to party it's only natural that we cancel and get penalized for that"
fifa u20 political parties or political figures rejecting Israel is actually just pansos seeking the public's attention.
"Suppose these Israeli U20 players don't play football tomorrow and then suddenly join politics in their country and then join in attacking or intimidating Palestine how would you respond? But hopefully not they just focus on being football athletes"
Is it true that if Israel refuses to come will the U20 advance for an independent Palestine? will reduce idf cruelty? seriously ask
"What do you mean what do you mean if you want to care about the tragedy the FIFA World Cup U20 should still be held? While inviting the Israeli national team which is clearly part of the colonialists is that so? Woooow."
"Terrorism expert Mr. Nurul Huda did not mention anything related to our constitution which rejects all forms of colonialism in the world as our basis for rejecting the arrival of the Israeli delegation at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
"Not taking care of... submitting suggestions. Anyone can submit suggestions free. I hope the Israeli polemic at U20 extends to religion even though in fact it is a problem with the mandate of the 45th Constitution of the Republic of Indonesia !! which is against arrival related to the mandate of the constitution colonialism. There is nothing to do with it with religion."
"Oh sorry maybe the offer to host the U20 World Cup was at a time when Israel was still in the preliminary stages so I don't know and it's not certain that Israel will enter the final. Just think positive because there is no chronological data."
"Your Excellency I ask: don't thousands of Indonesians come to Jerusalem the Israeli occupation area to apply for visas from Israel shop for Israeli goods... uh when Israel wants to play football here suddenly they are refused... what a fool are you smart? ?"
"Gibran is annoyed at the kada who rejected the Israeli national team. Who refuses? If the u20 world cup fails to be held in Indonesia the two kada must be held responsible"
We clearly examine the rejection of the presence of the Israeli National Team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia !! more:
"But if the Israeli U20 national team players don't play football tomorrow then they suddenly get involved in politics in their country and then join the attack on Palestine how about that too?"
"When will our world of football progress if world-class competition is mixed with politics Palestine does not have a problem with Israel in the U20 World Cup competition which is being held in Indonesia but people who pretend to defend Palestine instead damage Indonesia's image in the eyes of the world."
"Let's go where is the government on the Israel World Cup u20 issue this is the National Team or White Zetsu can't it?"
Mahfud MD looking for a solution to the fate of the U20 world cup: will not support Israel
"We never lose when rejecting Israel. This is an attitude. I support P Ganjar in rejecting Israel to play at U20. This is an attitude FIFA has also banned Russia from participating because it was involved in a conflict with Ukraine. Israel is always in conflict with Palestine. This is not profit or loss .but attitude"
"In fact who would have thought that Israel would enter the U20 toilet on the Uefa route"
Mr. Ganjar rejected Israel as a participant in the U20 World Cup for various reasons. that's her right. be the right of others also do not agree with his attitude. don't need to defend by looking for excuses. if Mr. Ganjar is sure just keep his attitude. it's just that for me he's ridiculous this time
Is this the first time or has the u20 world cup been crowded with hosts? Is Israel just joining too?
Jusuf Kalla Supports Israel's National Team to Play in the U20 World Cup Indonesia: Hold a Peace Dialogue
"Your Excellency I ask: don't thousands of Indonesians come to Jerusalem the Israeli occupation area to apply for visas from Israel shop for Israeli goods... uh when Israel wants to play football here suddenly they are refused... what a fool are you smart? "
seriously asking! Indeed if the Israeli team competes in the U20 World Cup in Bali what will happen?
"About the rejection of the Israeli U20 football national team is to cover up what issue?"
"I consider it a creature that is "intelligible" those who are just now making a fuss about rejecting the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team."
I've just discussed Israel and U20.
"I don't like Israel but when it comes to sports we have to be sporty. It's us who want to be the host so we have to be consistent with the Israel U-20 National Team who are participating in the U-20 World Cup. By accepting Israel as a competitor we will be judged as a nation with a big heart. ."
"Humping to ask aren't thousands of Indonesians coming to Jerusalem in the Israeli part of the territory asking for Israeli visas shopping for Israeli goods? Eh when Israel wants to play football here suddenly the noise is extraordinary...is this smart or stupid? .?"
this is my opinion. after and reject u20 israel. it's best to be able to campaign in mosques now. Why ? because they have one vision.
"Israel's polemic at the U20 World Cup is widening everywhere. Starting from political parties mass organizations to officials rejecting Israel's arrival at U20. As a result the draw is cancelled. But FIFA representatives are still in Indonesia to inspect the venue"
"Shallow political interpretation management conflict when it can be used in urgent situations... we'll see the ending it's best to still win the U20 World Cup with the Israeli team coming. Or don't need to win the World Cup both have equal bargaining values. With all the risks"
"Thank you Gibran. Many fail to understand. U20 children want to play soccer not Israeli soldiers."
"What if Israel wins the U20 world cup... how about celebrating the win in Singapore even though the host is in Indonesia"
Admin how do you agree that the U20 World Cup will be held in Indonesia with the participation of the Israeli U20 national team?
Israel's polemic when 2 months before the U20 World Cup is useless stupidity.. Tulung address it sir
u20 in peru stupid dog bet israel's ggr just ugh
The chairman of the Indonesian Football Association (PSSI) plans to hold discussions with FIFA officials after the draw for the U20 World Cup scheduled to take place in Bali was postponed amid protests over Israel's participation in the tournament.
"Yes the person who prepared the U20 World Cup was the Indonesian government from the start and Israel has escaped from when you know. If they suddenly refuse now it means they are against the Indonesian government as the host holders at U20"
"TVR 120 - Commission III DPR RI: Rejects Israel in the U-20 World Cup Member of Commission III DPR RI Republik Indonesia Nasir Djamil rejects the arrival of the Israel U-20 national team in the framework of the 2023 U20 World Cup"
"It's not that easy to accept the presence of the players/staff from the Israel U20 national team. Maybe they (the Israel U20 national team players/staff) have entered Indonesia. After a few days there have been threats from around the place where they are staying which is why isn't it" for Palestine "" we all do not know "
"If Indonesia is in a group with Israel at the U20 World Cup we will see all the fans in the stadium the psywar is over we will win it's very good it's convenient..consider this we're ready to move forward.."
Indonesia is afraid of being visited by children of U20 footballers from Israel. just be embarrassed
"I fully support  but his comments about the israel u20 football team are really disappointing"
"But sir last February Israeli cyclists had a tournament in Jakarta how come you didn't discuss Uud bro? Did this nationalist spirit only appear when the news that U20 Israel was busy playing in Indo?"
"In my opinion the best solution is if it's true that you don't want to get banned by FIFA so you have to move the host not in Indonesia if the Israel U20 national team is allowed to play in Indonesia you will still have problems either from local organizations or from other white Zetsu"
"If the FIFA World U20 is cancelled 1/2 million Indonesians who depend on football are threatened with becoming unemployed because PSSI will have their membership frozen. There Israel & Palestine will continue to dispute over territory until the end of the world comes. Yes that's it"
"Indonesia has been canceled as the host which has suffered losses yes Indonesia and the Indonesian U20 football team are not the Israeli U20 team whoever hosts Israel's replacement will still participate as a team of FIFA members who have qualified remember the football team is not the army or the government"
"That's right man mantaff. Besides it looks like Israel is just being used as a scapegoat. Originally it's not appropriate for the committee to prepare the needs for FIFA U20. Even for the stadium there isn't a proper one yet."
"Sport is not politics take note of what Jusuf Kalla said guys the presence of the Israeli national team at the Indonesian U20 World Cup means supporting the struggle for peace in Palestine sport is not politics"
"If the FIFA World U20 is cancelled 1/2 million Indonesians who depend on football are threatened with becoming unemployed because PSSI will have their membership frozen. There Israel & Palestine will continue to dispute over territory until the end of the world comes"
"politics...why is it just now the anti-Israel fanfare. Why didn't Israel qualify for the U20 World Cup to protest why is it only now? because that is...politics talks especially those who reject the governor being pro*****ah"
"Bocil the Indonesian U20 national team is really selfish isn't it how to respond to Israel's rejection is only assessed from their personal side."
"profile of i wayan koster governor of bali rejects israel in world cup u20"
"the stupidity of disgusting officials..every year thousands of Indonesians come to Jerusalem in the occupied part of Israel asking for Israeli visas shopping for Israeli goods..eh when u20 israel wants to play football here suddenly they are refused...stupid."
oh yes I really agree. We don't support Israel but we also don't reject Israel's presence in this U20 World Cup.
Solo is ready to replace Bali to host the U-20 World Cup draw
no need for diplomatic hubs. right security coordination is only for the israel team in this u20 world cup.
"The fate of Indonesia's host for the U-20 World Cup is hanging in the balance players are venting"
paid buzzer who knows they only follow the stuffed bull Indonesia will host the u20 world cup and israel will participate too
"Gas Pol Solo. Solo can replace Bali. Wayan Koster is a hypocrite. Last year welcome to the Israeli Parliament now? Oh my God. This is your chance to prove that you are everyone's leader. Let's support Solo Pak Ganjar. Defending Palestine can go through the FIFA WC route this u20"
"You just fought with the citizens themselves. wow. Palestine entered the Asian Cup Israel entered the U20 World Cup. Indo? a commotion over a problem like this. One of the ways to let Indonesia enter is to become the host. Eh the stadium is still bad isn't it?"
"In the Israeli U20 team there are players of Palestinian Arab descent and true Muslims how about Mr. Mui.??! There is Moanes Dabbur he is Mohammed Saba Ahmed Salman Barem Kayal is Israel having problems with their ancestry and religion..??! Of course not ferguso..."
"MUI offers a solution: the U20 World Cup is still in RI but Israel is playing in Singapore"
"The goal is for riots to occur between those who refuse and those who support the U20 World Cup to be held must Israel be there? Ready 86 we are government supporters ready to fight those who reject Israel eh PDIP also refuses yes we are all opponents from Indonesia we have succeeded in becoming hosts who care about Satan and Israel"
sad to read those who oppose the Israeli team but...... forget that the U20 World Cup had an Indonesian team the chance to appear in the world cup was destroyed....
Indonesia u-20 coach Shin Tae-yong seems to be getting nervous hearing polemics and rumors regarding Indonesia's cancellation to host the 2023 U-20 World Cup. He also hopes that the tournament will not be cancelled.
Gibran flinched at the governors who rejected Israel! the u20 world cup is in danger of passing
"There must be the important thing is to remove all the conditions put forward by the government to FIFA regarding the Israeli national team. No more objections from regional heads where the world cup will be held. Meet FIFA is there a chance for the 2023 U20 world cup to remain in Indonesia?"
"The protest against Israel is real. Because of Israel's rejection the U20 World Cup in Indonesia has gone into turmoil. Those who protested let out their teeth but those who protested remained unmoved. This episode will discuss the frenzy around this issue"
"u20 what we are fighting for together is progress in Indonesian football fighting for the dreams of the nation's children. If this is the case the story is that the children of the Israeli nation have achieved their goals. Meanwhile we have manyun :)"
"If WC U20 continues here I personally will not watch & listen as part of a personal commitment after the nomination if it fails yes Indonesian stakeholders must be prepared for the risks that will occur min max there will definitely be a lot of loss for Israel-Palestine themselves doesn't matter anything"
"The stupidest person today is you! Don't be too stupid don't be too stupid !!!! If you read half and half a stupid dog !!! Pak Soekarno how can you ban U20 from playing against Israel he has died you stupid dog! Pak Karno banned the senior national team from meeting Israel in the world cup qualifiers
"If Israel is playing in the U20 World Cup you reject it on the grounds that it is mandated by the 1945 Constitution then where are you persecuted when minorities worship people are banned from building churches even though that is also a mandate from the 1945 Constitution..stupid politicians"
"This is a bit of a dilemma. On the one hand based on the Constitution it is only natural that Indonesia rejects Israel not because of religious factors but because colonialism in the world must be abolished. On the other hand Israel is an official member of FIFA and they have worked hard to qualify of course they deserves to appear in this wc u20."
"Sticky governors who reject Israel! The u20 world cup is threatened to be canceled in Indonesia Mas Wali always thinks realistically has broad insight I like striking messages to regional heads who are talkative and salute to mas Wali who has commitment and loyalty to…"
"If WC U20 continues here I personally will not watch & listen as part of a personal commitment after the nomination if it fails yes Indonesian stakeholders must be prepared for the risks that will occur min max there will definitely be a lot of loss for Israel-Palestine themselves doesn't matter anything"
statement of attitude of the circle of pen forums or flp on Israel's participation in the 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup
"if you don't agree the mental terror of the israel national team when playing football like liverpool supporters terrorizing your players fully support their opponents.... don't sacrifice the children of the indonesian u20 national team it's a pity they have been waiting for this moment for so long. don't destroy our children's dreams for the sake of political"
For the U20 World Cup competition there's no need to invite Israel right?
(2) not a single word met rejecting or accepting the israel u-20 team competing in the 2023 u20 world cup championship.
"The official or whoever refused israel u20 national team to play in Indonesia. it's a waste leuwih leuwih ti invaders. bgsttttt"
Agreeing that the U20 World Cup will be canceled in Indonesia doesn't mean you agree with politicians who reject Israel right bwambanggggg!!!
"Regarding Israel's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup it is increasingly visible for political imagery which in the end can be guessed that there is an oversleeping hero appearing :)"
"Israel has already qualified for the U20 World Cup finals from June/July 2022 why didn't anyone notice and protest? Why was the day less than 2 months old?"
Qatar accepts the Israel U20 team if Indonesia does not dare to accept Israel
"How can that be??? and you mui scold you why didn't you suggest from last year at G20 gentlemen Israel has already qualified for the 2023 U20 World Cup since June 2022 wow..."
"This is called Indonesia losing to Israel. The world cup event in Indo the U20 team in Pildun progress and benefits for S.bola and the Indonesian people. Instead they withdrew because of Israel. Yes the opponent won in the end. MotoGP Olympics etc. just like this."
"Israel passed the qualification sis so yes it took part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia it also passed a few months ago and why was it only protested when it was about to be carried out. Yesterday there was an Israeli delegation meeting in Bali there was no problem the Israeli bicycle contingent took part in the race in Indonesia yesterday cont "
"Sorry I don't support Israel here I won't support it but yes it's okay""only for the needs of the U20 World Cup"""
yes yes....support israel in the u20 world cup please...why should you refuse
"Disappointed that the draw for the 2023 U20 World Cup was canceled by FIFA Shin Tae Yong: I've been working hard since....."
"I was sanctioned in the past. It's important that the Israelis immediately add the U20 World Cup to continue. You are the only one who wants to do Israel so please do it right away."
"Israel has rights just like the parents of the victim of the victim. Let's see 135 lives of the victim and Israel are the same victim in the same country. However Israel is luckier. They can still compete in the world cup u20. Meanwhile the victim of the victim How?"
This is a genuine comment to make my heart hurt especially as a football lover shouldn't our players dream of playing in the world cup? that's how defending the country of people to talk like that to the children of the country. maybe he thinks supporting fifa u20 is the same as supporting israel
"ridwan Kamil was reluctant to comment further regarding Indonesia which was in danger of canceling hosting the U-20 World Cup. Ridwan Kamil was also irritated by regional heads who rejected the presence of the Israeli national team at the sporting event"
"Why do people catch colds should people be smart about drinking wind repellent... different opinions are not wrong football / sports is important there is or isn't a U20 world cup whether Israel is playing or not Indonesia is more important to us.."
"Because of the Israeli U-20 national team suddenly the people here are pretending to care about football. Even though yesterday there were hundreds of people who died at Cocote's suggestion to Mingkem."
"The Surakarta city government stated that it was ready to replace Bali as the location for the draw for the U20 World Cup group phase. Previously Bali was canceled as the location for the draw because it did not accept the presence of the Israeli team."
"Your thinking is superficial and think Indonesians will be anarchists if Israel joins the u20 world cup in Indonesia"
"This is the dream football of young U20s. If you understand football you dare to take on all the salaries of League 1 players? If FIFA is banned I don't support Israel but if you really defend Palestine then join the war there not on Twitter"
"Seporters will also take to the streets to fight those who get in the way...then this country is in chaos because of Palestine. What's unique is that the Palestinians say that Israel doesn't have a problem joining WC U20 isn't my country crazy you know you know!"
"Gibran Arab U20 Israeli Palestinian army I chose number 5 guys because it has already expressed its position regarding Israel's presence in Indonesia"
"It's okay to ban Israel from competing in the U20 world cup. But Israel doesn't enter the world cup for free. They enter with qualifications. That means they have the right to compete. FIFA? has no right to ban them from competing for political reasons."
"If the problem is "security" the people and government must clean up Indonesia is entrusted with holding the U20 World Cup including everything in it including the Israeli national team if you have any objections it is better to cancel this World Cup intention to be held in Indonesia~~"
Ambassador Zuhair believes that the Indonesian government's support for Palestine will not change with Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup.
"It's okay there are many other ways to fight and show protest against Israel's treatment of Palestine. The government takes a policy with conditions that don't let the people themselves become victims. Please carefully consider the pros and cons. Don't you know that Israel is in the World Cup final? u20?"
On March 9 he hosted the March 21st rejecting Israel which had already been confirmed to take part in the U20 World Cup. why does it look like a koster?
where is the u20 expensive or the ideology that is already contained in the constitution. Indonesia's policy towards Israeli occupation has become Indonesia's principle in recognizing the right to independence of every nation and Indonesia's contribution in maintaining world peace without colonialism.
"With Israel not being allowed to participate in this U20 championship what are the advantages of Palestine? Will Palestine be free? What are the benefits of Indonesia as a sovereign country by isolating Israel this will actually make Indonesia stigmatized with a negative image in the eyes of the world?"
bang call prof.
"What if for example Israel reaches the final of the U20 World Cup? It's really funny the final is played in Singapore."
"Finally I found an answer for a personal choice should I accept Israel or boycott them at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Even though the results are now out..."
If you never thought that Israel would qualify for the U20 World Cup maybe that's where today's events began. Indonesia was actually not ready from the start to bid to host the U20 World Cup. The world cup event is not an event made by the government. world cup is a fifa event
"Palestinians just shut up bae these people are ready to pretend to refuse. What impact will it have on you if the U20 Israelis come here to join Pildun. fuck"
"I'm confused are politicians / officials from the governor's office or do you know if Israel passed the U20 World Cup in Indonesia last year? The impression is that they are only acting when it's already viral so I'm legitimate if I refuse but the day isn't even close stupid office"
"The issue is Indonesia's quota will be replaced in PDU17 with Israel not qualifying if it is November-December of this year if it is already and Gbla is appointed again we are ready to be a traveler again if that happens I pray that the u20 will not disturb the league. next season"
This nation is not ready for such a big event. this nation still mixes politics &amp; religion. like mixing politics and religion. there is still 1 question in my mind that I addressed to Mr. Did you ever think Israel could qualify for the U20 World Cup?
"It seems that this video is in the context of the U20 World Cup chat and Israeli polemic. Ketum PSSI Erick Thorhir: ""pray for a way out so that it goes smoothly please pray for the Indonesian nation I am also stressed"" the ending is 'I've been waiting for FIFA'."
"Your jokes are exaggerated how about Indonesia vs Israel (U20) later you can play on the continent of Atlantis even further"
why did dl agree to be the host for u20 indonesia... you guys didn't think about preparing for this event using public money it's running out a lot now it's a waste because of israel... isn't it?
"When talking about the constitution Israel's arrival to Indonesia to take part in the U20 World Cup also has a constitution you know."
PSSI should have bribed Uefa so that Israel did not enter the U20 Euro semifinals yesterday
cie alumni and pdip support each other regarding the rejection of u20 israel
Article 10 was made before Israel was declared to have passed the U20 World Cup yesterday
"Never mind stop fussing about Israel and Palestine... we the people need entertainment for the U20 World Cup!!!! The U20 World Cup is not just Israel but there is a future for Indonesian football that we must support!!!"
"Israel's rejection is in accordance with the mandate of the constitution. But as a connoisseur of football I hope the U20 World Cup will still be held..."
why doesn't queen ladies expensive issue a statement rejecting israel u20 too huh?
"Almost failed apart from reports that the infrastructure is also not 100% ready. Later ironically: we are banned by FIFA & absent from WC U20 and Asia Cup next year Israel will continue to play WC YOU -20 Palestine will continue to play Asia Cup next year.."
"bro yun according to bro's point of view what if at the u20 world cup meet the 11th match +62 vs the 11th an israel"
while bls are happy because there are idol athletes who are finally married and enthusiastically waiting for the next European tour tournament on the other hand football fans are worried about the fate of Indonesian football after the rejection of the israel national team in the u20 world cup
"After going solo Bandung is ready to welcome Israel and draw the 2023 U20 World Cup to replace Bali"
"We appreciate the governor of Bali the governor of Central Java and the chairman of the PDIP DKI Jakarta who refused the visit of the U20 Israel National Team to Indonesia. It is clear that our officials are still sane and care about the 45 Constitution and respect human rights."
voting on the attitude of netizens towards the presence of the israel national team at the u20 world cup in Indonesia. This vote circulates more on the kadrun timeline. __ See the results for yourself.
"If you don't want to watch the U20 World Cup where Israel has it just watch village football right? It's not complicated it's the same as soccer"
the governor of bali koster rejected the israel national team in the u-20 world cup match in bali. What are the pros and cons reaped from this decision?
Before the U20 World Cup event representatives from Israel to Indonesia did not protest but it was their turn to protest like this... said FIFA made a double standard regarding Russia but the country itself also doubles standards only banning football but the event is still allowed to go if Israel is there..
It's a delegation from the Israeli government. israel's government that you hate right? on the u20 it's a sporting event. the athletes who competed there were also still in the category of teenagers.
the Indonesian people consistently reject the israel u20 national team... entering Indonesia..
If Israel didn't qualify for the U20 World Cup would it be like this or not?
"Actually at this time only 1 person needs to comment namely the Indonesian president. Just to the point give certainty that the U20 World Cup will still be held in Indonesia with all participants or it will be canceled because it does not agree that there is Israel. Stop drama and people's comments are not important "
there's nothing to protect Jokowi.... Bung Karno if there is one now I'm sure Israel will join U20 in Indonesia
imagine israel until the final. auto singapore to host u20 world cup
"I mean the president is firm again: 1. stay at u20 with israel security is guaranteed as promised. 2. resign as host because there is a refusal while lobbying pssi don't be sanctioned."
"Lahhh how come the argument is like this? Where is the doctrine? What is your principle of stance that has no doubts? Don't be ridiculous do you reject the Israeli U-20 National Team on which stance? What's clear don't color it red it's your turn to mock another presidential candidate. fast"
"the rejection of the israel u20 national team is interpreted as vengeance on palestine is stupid there is no profit for palestine which clearly has damaged the dreams of their own children. pa212 pks mui pdip i wayan koster reward and buzzer2 kadrun destroyers of national football dreams."
"Leaked results of drawing group A FIFA WC U20 2023 Indonesia Brazil Nigeria Israel"
"If Bung Karno is here now I'm sure it won't be a problem for Israel to compete at U20"
"The Republic of Indonesia offered to host U20 &amp; FIFA agreed. This is FIFA's event the place is in RI. So use FIFA rules. Why was it not in June'22? the republic of indonesia is cancelled. republic of indonesia football will be severely punished & ostracized by the world"
"There are those who support it. Look at this political chess step. PKS will lobby the Israeli ambassador to agree to say yes to Israel (MUI has given a U20 signal). PDIP signs refuse the opposition supports it on the grounds that it is Israel's Palestinian peace mission"
"stupid logic of political parties politicians &amp; mass organizations that reject the Israeli national team: - The U20 World Cup may take place as long as Israel cannot participate only the host forbids participants - Israel may play as long as it is in another country how come the story is that the host Indonesia is playing in another country "
"MUI offers a solution: the U-20 World Cup is still in RI but Israel is playing in Singapore. The Indonesian Ulema Council (MUI) has proposed that the Israel National Football Team play in Singapore in the 2023 U-20 World Cup which was planned to be held in Indonesia. This suggestion… "
"Well how do you give the solution??? the one who asked to host the U20 World Cup is Indonesia. And FIFA granted the host request. The Israel U20 team has gone through a long process to enter the final and is a unified whole of the U20 countries in FIFA So blunders"
"Young &amp; solutip! The mayor of Solo Gibran Rakabuming Raka is ready to replace Bali for the venue for the 2023 U20 World Cup drawing which was canceled by FIFA. This is the new leader whose thinking is logical far ahead what bad impact will Indonesia receive if it rejects the national team? israel salute
"If you don't think about it when it's time to be president your mindset is still shallow less loose and statesmanlike for example the problem of Israel's rejection in the u20 world cup that has harmed the dreams of the nation's children."
"Koster org hasto but if the reward is just participating in rejecting the U20 Israel National Team because you want it to go viral it's normal it'll be 2024 soon"
it doesn't matter who won the presidential election but rather your perception that it seems as if the one you want to talk to is the Israel U20 national team. yes the way to think if it's that easy
"The U20 World Cup is running the Israel National Team arrives the ridiculous people here attack the Israel National Team the plot twist is similar to the Munich incident. Mossad is down. It's exciting 5 years later there is a film."
Is it the Israeli U20 national team soccer player who carries a gun and shoots???
"Children of Israel it is God's business you are human only if you surrender to God. ... continue u20 mas gibran."
"The solution is U20 stays in Indonesia but Israel plays in Tel Aviv .. same body?"
little to no potential 99% definitely safe...it would be safer if the u20 didn't work in Indonesia. and I think that in all aspects Indonesia is safe. unless israel plays here
"I am also disappointed with your father's content on u20. disappointed... how come educated people like you can join the kadrun... the problems between Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Palestine are different... I hope that Indonesia will not be suspended from FIFA in Indonesian football just got up."
"Also rejecting Israel's participation in the U20 world cup that means you are in the same pool as him right?"
Bro why is Anis silent about the U20 World Cup which rejected the Israeli team?
Even though if you want to be patient there are little or no statements from problematic politicians. the israel u20 national team did not come. because in his country there was chaos at the embassy being closed.
"During August 2019 the proposal to host the U20 World Cup was regulated by FIFA commitments that must be adhered to don't you know? When there will be a fraud event that will be attended by Israel in Bali does PDIP also not know? At first it was silent then it was noisy isn't that a double standard? ?"
Gibran: Solo is ready to replace Bali to host the U20 World Cup draw
Erick Thorhir is said to be lobbying FIFA directly to Switzerland so that Indonesia will continue to host the U20 World Cup
But have you ever rejected Israel I don't know if Israel is still playing in the U20 World Cup and Palestine is still playing in the Asia Cup. and those who refuse are banned by FIFA
allowing Israel to play the U20 World Cup is the same as violating the constitution? I'm confused who brainwashed this nation? Allowing Israel to compete does not mean supporting Israel's independence or its oppression of Palestine..
I already want to appear in the world cup until I want to change my passport alias change my nationality I don't know PSSI was banned by FIFA and didn't become the U20 World Cup too bad
Why didn't the Israeli national team qualify for the U20 July 2022...Indonesia just withdrew?
Besides from the start we nominated to be the host we should know that Israel is also a FIFA member and has the chance to play in the U20 World Cup.
"U20 Israelis really want to go to war do you want to play football how come you refuse people who want to do sports to such an extent fanatics can't be stupid or not"
"Mui why are you joining me?" An?! Playing in Singapore? It's not that easy Ferguso! If Singapore wants to accept Israel playing in its country then Singapore will say yes it's already the U20 World Cup in Singapore! You think it's easy to mix football with politics? ! stop being stupid!"
"yess..pildun u20 without israel it's more peaceful for indonesia. israel just playing in australia..."
do you accept israel u20 champion?
You're weird about the Israel U20 team. Trade relations have been smooth sailing for 15 years export-import has been going anywhere.
"only sakjane jarnoen israel playing the u20 world cup in indonesia. but the terror is over""an full terror"
gibran regarding the Israeli polemic: we are ready to replace Bali for the u20 world cup draw: gibran said the rejection should have been made from the start before the government issued a budget for preparations.
"Only U20 footballers come to play football what is this football afraid of?
"This is the problem with the U20 World Cup how come it's useful besides all this time the Israeli delegation and Israeli athletes have been here safely it's just a new ball turn wkwk"
that might be called the coordination fund to support the rejection of the u20 team from Israel because football now has to be linked to political elements
not sure bro... the israel u20 national team this time is the runner-up from the european zone...
"Just so you know Indonesia doesn't "bring Israel in" Israel's participation is their right because they qualify for the U20 World Cup in June 2022 ... remember that!"
"If someone doesn't like the country of Israel or the Israel U20 national team by giving PSW to the Israel U20 national team when the Israeli national team is playing don't refuse like that so that Indonesian football doesn't get penalized by FIFA"
"It's like trying to attract the sympathy of Islamic voices by rejecting Israel at the U20 World Cup. On the other hand its cadres are showing their stupidity krl it's zakat for wealth. 2024 could be a plot twist for this party."
"what will happen? 1. the government loses the cost of renovating 6 stadiums 2. the u20 project which was built dri 2 years ago was in vain 3. the possibility of STY also being able to withdraw 4. frozen by fifa (again) 5. tens of thousands of league players 123 lost jobs 6. Israel is still playing in the u20 world cup"
"Various objections from elements of society and political figures about the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup did not make the government unmoved for economic reasons. Everything is mmc."
"It's bullshit on Israel rejecting Israel ==> wrong praising the little Israeli national team that entered the U20 World Cup on the achievement track ==> wrong."
"It doesn't matter if the Israeli national team competes in the FIFA U20 World Cup in Indonesia said Ali Mochtar Ngabalin Gibran U-20 Israel PDI Perjuangan Strawberry Shortcake"
"For the sake of the economy the government accepted the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup. Even though many people rejected it from the general public. Everything is mmc."
why does a pak ganjar have to vote against the israel team to the u20 world cup?
"I just want to know how good is Mr. Erick in overcoming the anti-Israel polemic against the U20 World Cup."
Indonesia's claim to support Palestinian independence is questionable because it allowed the Israeli football team to play in the U20 world cup. what is the view of islam? mmc sundries.
"Sir I want to ask when the Israel U20 team plays in Indonesia will the Israeli national anthem be played and the Israeli flag will be raised?"
"Is there anyone who thinks the Israeli national team will still take part in the U20 World Cup but don't need to bring national attributes?"
"But how come it's Israel who criticizes playing U20 how come it's only governors and parties how come the whole world doesn't criticize or protest?"
"Not like that Jokowi has no problem with the Israeli U20s. Why are the two governors rejecting the Israeli U20s to compete in Indonesia! Ganjar actually doesn't need to say that to disappoint Indonesian football fans"
support team on u20 israel?
"For the bigots of Palestinian independence who have rejected the Israel National Team for whatever reason it doesn't necessarily make Palestine become independent right? The only loss is Indonesia you have killed the dreams of the U20 national team players they all lost their jobs!
"I mean sir if maybe the dialogue is not with football players but at least after their U20 national team (we let it) play in Indonesia then there will be an opportunity to open diplomatic dialogue with Israeli policy makers."
"If you reject the Israeli team in the U20 world cup that's your right... but also make sure you don't use all this technology so that your fasting is not in vain because hypocrites whose fasting is not accepted by the almighty"
Anyway who allowed the Israeli U20 National Team to enter Indonesia... it's the same as wanting to pit all Indonesian people against each other.
3 reasons Indonesia is inappropriate
"Jusuf Kalla supports Israel's presence in the U20 World Cup this is the reason"
"What if U20 stays in the Republic of Indonesia and Israel continues to play but mui temporarily moves to Palestine. Jihad is there until July."
U20 World Cup will be held in Indonesia. the u17 world cup will be held on 20 november-2 december 2023 (no israel) maybe the negotiations with fifa are related to this? this is the only correlation ... let's just wait for the PSSI chairman's statement
"Agreed the U20 World Cup will still be held in Indonesia with Israel's solution playing in Singapore. Don't mix sports with politics let alone fantasy matters."
the reason for canceling the u20 world cup in indonesia ki mergo israel's rejection or cen mergo indonesia is ra competent?
"The voting is wrong it should be allowed to come or not not reject or support. Personally supports Palestinian independence but in terms of football and team competition rights Israel is allowed to come to the FIFA WC U20 event!."
what if apparently the facilities for the u20 world cup are not ready and the rejection of israel is just a diversion?
Don't accept Israel but still want to host the U20 World Cup?
Jusuf Kalla's reason for supporting Israel in the 2023 U20 World Cup
I don't support the Israeli national team at all but I fully support the smooth running of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
those who refused and accepted the israel national team at the u20 world cup
""" we support the holding of the u20 world cup ok sir not support israel"""
"Truly Palestine is hosting the U20 World Cup I'm sure Palestine will not reject the arrival of Israel itself indeed we are the only ones who are stupid if you want to rule over stupid people wrap up the vanity with religion"
"The affairs of the Israel You 20 national team. There are political affairs. Because the U20 National Team represents the country.. Remember history. 1. Preambul UUD 1945. 2. Indonesia has no diplomatic relations with Israel. 3 FIFA is not a state institution not a state.. It is not allowed interfere in Indonesian domestic politics!"
"White hair that hasn't competed has had diarrhea before... teach the younger generation of Indonesia to be cowardly. Still afraid of the Israeli U20s. Instead of being given enthusiasm to defeat them on the field they even retreat. If soldiers retreat from the battlefield they must be sentenced to death otherwise yes obligatory harakiri."
"To be fair PSSI U20 should have accepted Israel and PKS U20 was also rejected. It was a shock according to age."
"God forbid the U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia then Indonesia was sanctioned by FIFA so it can't take part in the Asian Cup pre-2026 World Cup at the same time Palestine can take part in the Asian Cup Israel will still take part in the U20 World Cup... how about it sir sir? niki"
don't politicize sports. the proof (sorry maybe I'm not up to date) I have never heard of any official objections (diplomatic notes) from the ambassador or the Palestinian state for the participation of the U20 Israel National Team in the U20 World Cup finals in Indonesia
Be a good host by entertaining guests from participating countries in the U20 World Cup. and one of the winners was to beat the Israeli national team. dedicating the victory to Indonesia and Palestine
"President Cemprus lied only as if he was a jeplak enough for U20 football. Events or internationals just let them go follow the PKS defenders and friends who are afraid of Israel. It's better if Gatrik doesn't have Israel"
"Jokowi ordered to issue a statement so that those who refuse to play football in Indonesia are silent about the dogs it's still good to be given the U20 World Cup event they are acting up."
wakakaka.. the stowaway always appears at the right time. seize the big moment for capers. this is not a PSSI problem.. u20 world cup.. israel.. palestine.. from yesterday until now the mode has remained the same every time he appears just for promotion and looking for sensation.. it's free..
"Don't pretend to be a football hobbyist love football for the sake of national football progress. Support the Israeli U20 national team. But you shut up shut up.. football supporters.. died as many as 135..people...on the field..the wind is to blame.you .. also did nothing. no empathy."
If you support Israel appearing in the U20 World Cup for the path of peace with Palestine click to read: kompas.com+ read the news without ads: download the application:
"That's right you can't play U20 football matches let alone the same but if you have an inter-parliamentary meeting in Bali you can let alone the defense equipment social media or borrowing money. hahaha."
"Want to laugh but it's definitely a big sin mui is the house of the clergy. If Israel plays in Singapore then if the opponent is our national team wo dong Israel wins? Then if Israel enters the semi-finals then the final the host at U20 is practically in Singapore please? Just be the host."
anwar abbas pushed hard for israel to compete in the u20 world cup
if only israel didn't qualify as a participant in the u20 world cup maybe it wouldn't be this bad
"Why does Russia get a lot of international sanctions but Israel doesn't?"
Did Indonesia invite Israel to play in the u20 world cup? not really right?
"Sir you lost to a star with a senior politician sir if you turn around hold the joker and Mr. Ganjar is not the choice of the other side even if you reject Israel. We football lovers only want to see young Indonesian talents perform at U20"
"Jusuf Kalla commented on Israel's rejection of the 2023 U20 World Cup. Jusuf Kalla who serves as chairman of the Central Indonesian Mosque Council (DMI) thinks there should be a separation between politics and sports. You know sir in the year of politics many politicians suddenly became kadrun ea. ."
government? Until now Erick Tohir is still trying his best to keep running the U20 World Cup. how come the style is up? when the israel parliament took part in the deception in bali why did you stay silent? because the political year is still far away? and it's noisy now because the political year is near?
the greater the head in the eyes of various nations. because the largest Muslim country in the world (Indonesia) just take it easy accepting the Israel U20 national team ... without any cons. that means hurting.. the struggle for humanity &amp; hurt the support of the Palestinian people for the independence of the Republic of Indonesia.
"There is the latest information that the real reason the U20 World Cup was not held in Indonesia is because the stadium infrastructure is not ready. Israel is just for diverting the issue isn't that right bro?"
Palestine is just like that the u20 world cup is over. Certain !!! Does it really matter if Indonesia accepts the Israeli national team?
- Israel : still playing in the U20 World Cup - Palestine : still playing in the U20 Asian Cup - Indonesia : in the corner watching the two of them play football. Indonesian league is also frozen
"In the context of the U20 World Cup Israel's refusal is only for Indo's loss there is no profit or loss for Israel or Palestine :)) Indonesia will lose materially mentally and it could be a big loss if there are FIFA sanctions"
"MUI offers a solution: U20 stays in RI but Israel plays in Singapore"
"If you enter here it means that you don't just get banned by FIFA but you leave FIFA members and you become a non-sovereign country... Palestine just shut up... Israel is still playing the U20 World Cup... Indonesia is disbanded..."
When the politicians who represent the power in Israel this trial in Bali u20 don't know politics they just play football they don't accept it
"Please for those who reject Israel's presence don't you feel sorry for the young U20 national team players who have worked hard to spend time every day practicing preparing to perform well in the U20 world cup? with the official coaches and staff"
"Threatened to fail to host the U20 World Cup Mahfud MD: Indonesia will not have diplomacy with Israel"
where is the logic? football has nothing to do with politics? national team... it represents the country... meaning the israel u20 national team... also represents the country.. it also means sports politics. we refuse to aim to pressure.. on his government. so that it is not arbitrary.
"With the case against Israel at the U20 World Cup I will definitely abstain next year dog"
I support Israel's rejection because I don't like stupid football at U20. it's better to watch mobile legend
"That's right the Palestinians themselves are okay with the Israeli national team how come Indonesia looks like more Palestine...  the tweets from the Indonesian U20 national team players are heartbreaking... ""....killing the dreams of the nation's children"" ok when will the kids be it could play in the world cup."
"why is it only now being questioned. why didn't you know from the beginning that Israel qualified for the u20 world cup it's basically hypocritical looking for a voice for political interests. mlegedes dull dull"
"Many parties rejected Israel in the 2023 U20 World Cup Hokky Caraka: all of you have broken the dreams of the nation's children"
"In the case of the Pildun-U20 &amp; Israel we can see that the slave mentality is still strong in this country. We feel that this country is smaller than the football federation to the point where FIFA's decisions are always used as the right benchmark & ​​ignore other things."
"Officially the Indonesian government does not establish diplomatic relations with Israel. Cem where do you want diplomacy? The Israeli U20 National Team is also here to participate in a soccer tournament don't want to invite diplomacy this gentleman just give it up"
"It's very unfortunate the reward for participating in rejecting the Israeli U20 national team."
"Really in solidarity Palestine plays in the Asia Cup Israel plays in the U20 World Cup Indonesia is banned just watching awokwkw solidarity"
"If Indonesia is to host the U20 World Cup and the Israeli team comes I challenge KPI who wants to sit down."
continued the people of Indonesia absolutely the U20 World Cup must take place (if not now then when). Regarding politics for Palestine we the people also support Palestine and criticize Israel. but sport is still sport... move on and ignore the others because we are sincere
already printed pilfun u20 football shirts... it was canceled because of israel... it's funny blass continue Mr. Wali
"Seriously asking is the demo just rejecting Israel's U20? No one is demonstrating fighting for U20 to stay in Indo?"
"Well it's fun to be a problem it turns out that not everyone knows about Israel's participation in the u20 world cup. In my opinion the lack of communication between PSSI and the public also tends to make noise late. Or maybe the World Cup participants have just been announced lately. this"
"Hadehhhh mui you don't have to worry about football it makes me sick to hear it if Israel passes the 16th BSR then the top 8 goes to the semi-finals and enters the final the game will still be in Singapore in fact at the end of the year who doesn't host the U20 World Cup."
"So what? Well the point is the same. PSSI also didn't invite the Israel National Team the U20 World Cup is also a regular FIFA event"
"The jihadist character regardless of whether Israel exists or not has always been a hobby of bombing in the U20s live with what really exists not from the shadows of the past or future that has not yet happened spacious tolerant without narrow fanaticism"
Gatel wants to comment that Indonesia's U20 World Cup might be canceled because of Israel's rejection (he said). actually there is nothing wrong between the camp rejecting Israel coming to Indonesia and the camp accepting Israel so that the U20 World Cup will remain in Indonesia. just overdoing both:
"Apparently Jokowi rejected PDIP's wish to thwart the U20 on the grounds that Israel was there..."
"What was rejected by the Israeli national team was not only rewarded the u20 world cup was originally held in Peru but was rejected / cancelled. Then FIFA appointed Indonesia to be held in 2021 not in the political year 2023"
"I wonder when will you talk about Israel at U20 WC..?? I'm looking for references for Golput 2024"
fighting for Palestinian independence does not have to sacrifice the dreams of the nation's children
"Gibran please help Erick save Indonesian football. Be prepared to host the U20 draw as well as host the Israeli national team match. Security issues trust our officers. Save Indonesia's face."
"This is football not politics & war. If you want your opponent to do something that will harm the enemy for example don't buy US weapons &amp; this is really strange for this nation buy weapons from the enemy those who can't be used during war are the opponents who lose instead they are girls"
"This is football not politics & war. If you want your opponent to do something that will harm the enemy for example don't buy US weapons &amp; this is really strange for this nation buy weapons from the enemy those who can't be used during war are the opponents who lose instead they are girls"
In the era of social media various issues that should be in the government's internal sphere are scattered in the public sphere. It seems that the government and political parties are not in one voice regarding Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup.
"This is football not politics & war. If you want your opponent to do something that will harm the enemy for example don't buy US weapons &amp; this is really strange for this nation buy weapons from the enemy those who can't be used during war are the opponents who lose instead they are girls"
"The ones who are given the stage are the U20 boys. Just don't let Israeli supporters in don't raise the Israeli flag don't sing the national anthem. It's a symbol that we don't recognize Israel as a country. The contestants don't need to be banned that's what FIFA invited not us. We just want make money"
"The problem is why are the crowds now refusing. Israel's participation in qualifying for the U20 World Cup has been known since the qualifying slese. But from that point it seems that the preparations for the World Cup are continuing at the central regional and PSSI governments. It looks like there is no coordination"
"Palestine and Israel just smile and see Indonesia which is threatened with being banned by FIFA.
"not the main reason for Israel's rejection but believe me that the U20 World Cup is still in Indonesia only for Drakor first ehhh"
Mr. Gibran. I heard on TV that Mas Gibran is ready to submit Solo as a lottery location at U20. and which stadium is ready to hold the Israeli national team match. So the one who has the right to decide is the governor or the governor?
Jusuf Kalla actually supports the Israeli National Team to play in the Indonesian U20 World Cup. . .reason if unexpected via
the admin is stupid. Yes since I was just appointed as the host for 2023 the participating countries are also still qualifying. and unexpectedly Israel u20 even passed. This is what ultimately becomes a polemic as well as a dilemma. you suck you stupid admin
"It's confusing to see people. It's really noisy because of Israel's u-20 problem. Everyone feels the most right. Please try to fight for the wrong one first so it won't be noisy like this."
"For you to think those of us who rejected Israel to Indonesia for the U20 are evil..and you say""don't mix up sports with politics and all that stuff and the goods you use are made in Israel? I'm asking back you are still using side what humanity is the animal side of."
"MUI offers a solution: U20 stays in RI but Israel plays in Singapore"
"It's as simple as this: Indonesia failed to host the U20 Word Cup &amp; was banned while Israel still played at the U20 Word Cup &amp; Palestine continued to play at the Asia Cup. When Indonesia was banned Palestine would not care &amp; Palestine would still be colonized by the Israeli Zionists."
"Not caring about Israel but caring about our own country if the U20 World Cup is cancelled we will get FIFA sanctions. Our people who live from football will lose a lot and lose their jobs the economy will be disrupted and the country will be ashamed in the eyes of the world"
"If you already understand geopolitics why can't you differentiate between football and politics?? let's think clearly Palestine through the ambassador has explained that there is no problem with sending Israeli representatives to the u20 event how come you are the one who is burning your hair"
"Imagine the U20 World Cup doesn't take place in Indonesia and the Indonesian national team is banned by FIFA Israel is still participating in the U20 World Cup in other countries and Palestine is still participating in the Asian Cup.. Indonesia is crying lamenting fate"
"Sir I really like you. I even planned to vote for you as a presidential candidate. But seeing you reject Israel at U20 makes me fat!"
reward why join in rejecting the israel u20 team? is there any party instructions? I am disappointed...
because many supporters were disappointed because of Israel's refusal and Indonesia canceled to host U20
"Sometimes indeed a big soul with an open heart tolerance without narrow fanaticism is important and must be prioritized the character of the kadrun regardless of the presence or absence of Israel in the U20s. His hobby is bombing people "good people" need to be guarded not in praise to the sky"
"Out of plan maybe. The problem is that Israel has never passed the U20 World Cup before so it was thought that it would not be a problem at least it passed too. And it turned out that it passed debut instead."
If the value of the U-20 World Cup is Indonesia's momentum to invite Israel-Palestine to the negotiating table the Medicom friends agree or not
I'm confused if someone insists that the Israeli U20 football team take responsibility for the tragedy of the Israel - Palestine war.
I have no problem with the contents of uud. the problem is why did it only heat up recently before the draw? Yesterday when you found out that Israel had passed the U20 World Cup why were you so calm? should have protested from the start. how come it's just lately screaming uud.
"I don't understand anymore with the people who take care of this country even though there have been examples from several sports that Israeli athletes have played in events hosted by Indo even though at first the sports federation refused in the end it was still allowed. Hopefully this case will be over quickly and the world cup u20 success"
"I just want to know about the statements of people" who reject Israel if it is true that the U20 World Cup is canceled in Indo you will feel guilty or feel like a global hero"
"rejection to the israel team at the u20 world cup will have long tails opposite presidential candidates & the opposition will target this case while fishing in murky water until May-June 2023 this is still a long story keep frying it Anies that has fallen can be reborn."
"The understanding of the opening of the UUD 45 is not to be swallowed whole Indonesia should remain non-aligned/neutral the Palestinians themselves have officially accepted Israeli representatives to compete at U20 how come here they are like ""overslept heroes" don't ever vote again pdip &amp; pks"
don't worry.... the u20 world cup will be held... those who refuse israel just relax if you don't intend to cause riots... what is predicted will cause riots... just relax... remember nkri who we love... we all hate colonialism...
"I support Israel's participation in the u20 world cup you say we are keeping the mandate of brother Karno as the founder of the nation. While many officials who promised or entrusted to God are still denied. Only God is denied let alone to humans."
"Indonesia versus Malaysia just run this against Israel just be realistic let our national team compete in the U20 World Cup don't ruin the dreams of the nation's children"
"Yes it's still a matter of the U20 World Cup and the Israeli national team. Just let them come and play. But every time they play Indonesian supporters come to the stadium. Not asking for fights or Israeli demonstrations but show your solidarity for Palestine."
You yourself say it as good as your forehead don't think about them with humane words to the point of saying words that really hurt the players. I'm sad to see that they only want the U20 World Cup to continue they don't want Israel to come here if you want to refuse please take care of your words
the problem is not as light as what football fans think... we need to encourage sir so that the u20 world cup will continue but israel does not enter Indonesia.
"In the case of U20 Indonesia shouldn't have any problems with Israel. But a small number of Indonesian people sparked polemics with FIFA. Of course FIFA can't just remove Israel from participating in U20. The risk is that Indonesia will be removed if it doesn't become the host."
"After the rejection of the Israeli national team what will happen to Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup?"
"Here are those who reject" Israel try to think about it using logic the ball being used as political material won't be right what for? The ego is just big but the nation's pride is lowered there is a classy way besides refusing you can protect the Israeli national team while in Indonesia"
luckily reject israel u20 what sir...
"I think Gibran wants DKI 1 don't you think that social media is making a fuss about Israel's refusal to play the U20 World Cup only the city of Solo dares to accept it out loud?"
why didn't he just resign when Israel made sure to qualify for the u20 world cup? it would be a waste of 400 billion for renovating 6 stadiums and excluding other preparations
"Wow those who want to come to Indonesia are Israel U20 not Israeli military forces. And not colonialism but participating in sporting events."
"I who live in Bali am annoyed with the governor yesterday during Nyepi there was a blasphemy on Nyepi Day ehh he was silent he didn't open his voice when the news broke that Israel participated in the U20 World Cup he immediately opened his voice Balinese residents know the governor come back a bit henk"
"Oops because of the Israeli national team's rejection Indonesia is in danger of being removed from the U20 World Cup qualifiers: Israeli media highlights the sanctions imposed on Indonesia after Indonesia…"
the fifa inspection team does not know why the u-20 world cup draw was cancelled
"Kadrun kadrun are like Nazis and Israel's rejection of U20 has no effect on Palestine and the world instead because kadrun kadrun are pro-Hamas terrorists Indonesia blushes red in the eyes of the world just because of playing football kadrun is a bastard"
"I who live in Bali am annoyed with the governor yesterday during Nyepi there was someone who insulted him on Nyepi Day ehh he kept quiet when the news broke that Israel was participating in the U20 World Cup and immediately opened his voice"
The PSSI Bali Provincial Association (Asprov) hopes that Indonesia will continue to host the 2023 U-20 World Cup despite the cancellation of the draw in Bali by FIFA which was originally scheduled for March 31
"It's really bad for them you know only Israel the Zionist nation colonialists etc.. they don't know that the Israeli U20 national team players are also Muslims and are even ready to be brought to Indonesia. .. how ironic"
"Playing in the U20 World Cup without hard work is like a dream in broad daylight. Woke up because of Israel's rejection.. wkwkwkwk"
"I mean it's fine stay with the current conditions not worse and not better Indonesia failed to host Palestine it's still colonized and Israel will continue to colonize so? OK let's just accept that the Israel U20 national team is just football so we don't make a loss."
"It's not very clear that Israel is coming for U20 panic Israel isn't coming I'm looking for Israel's reaction:"
"Hehe you're right what you said is funny isn't it true that those who invited the U20 Israel National Team are a pity sir. Or is there something for you bro?"
"Maybe if at this event those who reject Israel at WC-U20 will watch it it will refresh their eyes"
"Many people are looking for a stage with the arrival of the Israeli U20 National Team one of them is today"
"Refusing the Israeli U20 team doesn't affect Palestine either and the world by kadrun kadrun stupid petty pro Hamas/terrorists and Indonesia in the eyes of world sports is destroyed and will definitely be penalized by FIFA CS... rip Indonesian sports"
"1. There are important facts from here. Those who already know Israel have qualified for June 26 2022 tried to lobby to cancel the U20 World Cup. But it didn't shake. Until the 2 hour meeting with Mega it didn't shake. Likewise when it came."
Besides if Israel takes part in the U20 World Cup do we automatically recognize Israel's existence and not support Palestine? what a petty way of thinking.
"There are 2 possibilities that I think about because there is Israel 1 the U20 World Cup has been canceled PSSI has been banned 2 the U20 World Cup has continued but added the bomb terror and Indonesia which has been criticized by the world is difficult because the federation has not been able to take care of its own country's league for example."
what are the advantages of refusing the israel u20 national team...just call no sing the most profitable
"Palestinians themselves understand Indonesia's position as the host of the U20. That's why they don't have a problem with Israel playing in Indonesia because it's Indonesia's obligation as the host. Well the Palestinian ambassador is even accused of being a Zionist by the Indonesians wakakakaka"
"Why was Israel's rejection only raised before the draw? Supposedly Israel's position has been carefully considered by the government and PSSI during the preparation for the U20 World Cup. The question is if Ketum PSSI isn't ET and he isn't being predicted in 2024? is everything going well? "
"Even though the Palestinian ambassador himself has given a statement accepting Israel at the U20 World Cup will not change Indonesia's commitment to Palestine.."
Thank God Indonesia was canceled from hosting the U20 because it rejected Israel and that was more honorable
"I'm anti-Israel but the context this time is at the U20 world cup let them come give terror to the Israeli National Stadium like the supporters of Glasgow Celtic their attitude is clear but not tacky like you"
"Our respected chairman regarding your clarification regarding Israel's arrival in Bali last year it was not at our (government's) invitation and I can emphasize that we did not invite U20 footballers either."
"I swear this u20 world cup coach debate is getting more and more emotional. The logic of the buzzer who rejects Israel doesn't make sense. He suddenly understands their football"
"Your lordship you are blundering so you want to find a friend tell Ridwan Kamil to speak up? Besides what are you doing to comment on things that are not his business U20 already has PSSI if you want to comment all of you please that's beach soccer in Bali Israel stay with me"
hopefully not because of the impact of Israel's U20 rejection.
"Indonesia is already peaceful we don't host U20 football it's okay. I'm afraid because Israel terrorists came awake from all directions and bombs exploded everywhere who wants to be responsible."
"Thought the Palestinian ambassador joined in banning Israel? In fact they said not to mix politics with football even though FIFA has double standards regarding Russia but the U20 World Cup is an opportunity for Indonesian youth to develop if you want to go to Israel be a bit elegant!!"
"Min those who are planning to come to Indonesia are the Israeli U20 national team or along with military troops? How come they are rejected."
"he is again making a frame as if the u20 world cup will be canceled and blah.bla.bla. even though the plotwist is not as bad as rumored. it will happen and stay with the israel team. don't get carried away. remember 2024 is the year of politics anything will be worked on to increase electability"
"In fact 270 million people who supported WC-U20 lost to 11 groups and/or individuals who rejected Israel. This is even crazier right? We lost with 1 party right? Even though there was a hero drama after this and there is the victim!"
"It's not clear what you are stupid about politics Israel has qualified after Indonesia has hosted the U20 World Cup you reject Israel they have nothing to lose they can still play on the international stage then Palestine plays in the Asian Cup if we get banned you want total responsibility!!!"
"In the interest of the economy thank the Israeli U20 National Team what about Palestine? Everything about the Islam Kaffah mmc"
"No if this is "kill" fellow bulls. So it's fair anyway if you want to be realistic you should be rewarded for supporting the U20 World Cup without creating an Israeli scenario. You know his electability is already big"
I don't know whether he is a hero or indeed the scenario his party created for the Central Java gubernatorial election what is clear is that I hope FIFA U-20 will still be in Indonesia. it's a shame that the national team that has prepared for FIFA U20 from 2020 has to be disbanded because of the Palestine - Israel issue which is not important to us
"About the U20 World Cup Mahfud MD: Indonesia will not have diplomacy with Israel"
"I'm ready to drink coffee while playing Twitter... I'm pro for the U20 Israel team to play in Indonesia... now the accounts that are against the Israeli U20 team playing in Indonesia many have unfollowed me..... proven tadpole vs tadpole."
3 countries have the potential to host the U20 World Cup if it is canceled in Indonesia due to the Israel issue via
Do you agree with medcom friends regarding the rejection of the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team to Indonesia to take part in the U20 World Cup?
....now it's going viral... cebong vs cebong. because of the israel u20 team.. there is a pro &amp; cons. while the kadrun happily clapped their hands to see the tadpoles..
Who here wants to join the demonstration against Israel coming to Indonesia at the U20 World Cup? just like
Football today can not be separated from politics. Just look at Russia which was banned to its roots by the European side in matters of football... football has now become a political tool. Indonesia is correct. the presence of the israel u20 national team is very risky for domestic political security ..
"Israel is prohibited from entering Indonesia to take part in the U20 World Cup because we practice the 45 Constitution against colonialism because we support independence.. For things like this do Indonesians also practice the 45 Constitution?? let's think about it"
they play football as their livelihood. Why is there Indonesia if the welfare of other countries is prioritized? Palestine is far away. what to do with them. Besides it's a loss for us if we refuse Israel will be at U20
is the U20 under threat of not being in Indonesia for defending "Israel"? wow
"It sucks it's really narrow minded. Just think briefly think about the future the future of Indonesian football. The U20 National Team didn't qualify it just happened to be the host nation so they entered Israel U20 qualified different bosses."
We now know that those who rejected the Israeli U20 team were hypocrites.
human being true... this is an international event not an event and there is no right to ban the israel u20 national team from participating in matches here.
hadeh ... because of the actions of several people. world cup 2023 israel u20
"I also saw the Japanese and English teams qualify for the U20. It's as well that they are prohibited from coming here or we don't go to their NGR because the occupation they are carrying out is really very injurious compared to Israel which has never had direct contact with us."
"It's good that it's canceled because it's anti-colonial" "Here are 3 countries that don't recognize Israel including Indonesia. Since Indonesia's 1st president Soekarno was still leading Indonesia has declared its support for Palestinian independence" "Hope PSSI will hold a mini U20 World Cup"
"According to Miko Peled allowing the Israeli National Team to come to Indonesia and play in the U20 World Cup is the same as giving Israel permission to continue killing and oppressing the Palestinian population."
With the rejection of the Israeli National Team in Indonesia I hope that FIFA can be truly neutral that sports are not related to politics. If Israel which colonizes/attacks Palestine can appear in the U20 Pildum then Russia which attacked Ukraine is allowed to participate in FIFA activities as well.
drawing or division of the group of countries participating in the 2023 U-20 World Cup has been canceled by FIFA. The cancellation occurred because the participation of the Israeli national team in the U-20 World Cup was rejected by a number of community groups in Indonesia
fifa : israel remains a participant in the u20 world cup
"Yes a little bit towards the 'Taliban'.... don't worry about the statue which is going viral 'pildun u20' the rejection of the Israeli national team... the reasons for colonization &amp; religion can't differentiate the spirit of sport... if you want Palestine Israel is at peace hold them both don't choose one."
agree or not? israel still included in the u20 world cup???
"The U-20 World Cup is threatened with cancellation?! The U-20 World Cup is rejected FIFA acts!"
"When the U20 World Cup qualifiers started did you think about this or not with Indonesia?"
close to 2024 it's like this. How is the country's money spent on preparing for the dream of playing in the world cup even though u20.israel is also part of the participants. why not from July 2022 they screamed against Israel. we refuse. Palestine did not escape. it is our football people who bear the pain.
"If the Israeli team is not allowed to play in Jakarta in the U20 match let them play in the Lukas Enembe Jayapura-Papua stadium."
Once hit by an Israeli weapon all of you jihadists die immediately. 11 teams face hundreds of stupid jihadis.. hahaha.. heaven's committee is ready... we support israel u20
"Why can't Pak Ganjar understand the bidding is in 2019 the president is Pak Jokowi who guarantees the smooth implementation at that time everyone knows Israel is joining U20. FIFA and the government agree. How come so many people are suddenly against Pak Jokowi?"
the u20 world cup is over for sure so israel is still playing right not mas gibran wkwk because... what can save indonesian football and the u-20 world cup is the republic of indonesia 1 pack jokowi be like
those who are in conflict have never had a problem with the israel team which will be one of the finalists in the u20 world cup how come they are busy with their respective narratives - a country that is israel fifa
"Maybe the Indonesian people forgot about Israel's assistance during the Aceh tsunami. If at this time there are many rejections for the Israel U20 national team to compete in Indonesia why was Israel's assistance not rejected in the past. CC : addressed to the government & Indonesian people."
"U20 Israeli athletes with diligent and sporty capital for this competition were then rejected simply because their country was considered a colonialist. Even though the athletes did not contribute anything to the political policies of their country's leaders. So what is the difference between us and the colonialists?"
"Indonesia has been canceled from hosting the FIFA U20 World Cup? Well it's a shame... just accept that Israel is competing here. Not all Israelis are bad.
"Really.. I'm surprised that I'm also an idiot like this. Want Russia to be sanctioned banned by FIFA or whatever... it's none of our business. After all if we do we'll be banned. Israel will still play at U20 while Palestine will also continue to play in the afc cup and arab cup"
worldwide because Indonesia failed to become the U20 World Cup until it was trending on Google and Twitter because it rejected an Israeli country..
"It's really annoying that the Indonesian ambassador to Palestine supports Israel's contribution at U20. This problem is no longer an ordinary political upheaval but religion is being upheld to the fullest with an alibi for colonialism that doesn't end."
Can commenting on Israeli issues on FIFA U20 WC complicate the visa &amp; my study later?
"How come he didn't refuse from the start... especially since Bali is one of the hosts... even though Israel's potential to qualify for the U20 World Cup is predictable it's different if Israel didn't take part in the U20 World Cup qualifiers from the start."
Keep going? Israel has entered the U20 World Cup in June 2022. For the past nine months what has Indonesia been doing how come there is a terrorist risk problem now?
"The government is lobbying FIFA about the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup?? Shouldn't we submit these prerequisites before joining FIFA? It's like a person who is ready to get married suddenly the groom's groom puts forward the condition that the bride's groom must be of royal descent. Why did you apply first?"
You already know from last year that Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia but why do those of you who pretend to defend Palestine not protest/demo but as soon as the day is near you start to protest loudly... this is the same as wanting to embarrass the government of the Republic of Indonesia in the eyes world.
all those who reject the israel u20 team are sellers of lies for the sake of religious lust and political lust.
It would be fairer if Indonesia failed to host the U20 World Cup because of the tragedy of the nomination rather than Israel's rejection.
"during the 2022 world cup many countries spoke out against Russia's participation in the pildun. why is it that the u20 world cup "only" Indonesia has spoken out against Israel if the context is the same as an colonial country. is it because Russia is the enemy of many countries especially its allies? israel ""friend"""
"Beyond predictions Israel can qualify for the 2023 U20 World Cup Indonesia does not take that into account"
"After the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team if Indonesia was banned it failed to take part in the AFC Asian Cup. Then the Palestinians it doesn't matter that the Indonesian national team failed to participate"
Even though Palestine was fine via the embassy itself it was fine when they learned that Israel was going to play in Indonesia at the FIFA U20 event. this is actually worrying yourself and sacrificing the dreams of your own country's children with the affairs of Palestine - Israel which incidentally is not our business
"Israel rejects? Indonesia cancels hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup FIFA appoints Peru as a replacement"
"Wow why isn't this a creative way of finding excuses if the Israeli parliament was invited to cheat in Bali then do you think who invited the U20 Israeli football team? Wow it wasn't FIFA who invited FIFA"
So this is exciting...ask him to discuss the Israel U20 National Team bro...
then what if fifa moves the u20 world cup to israel?
"It's very "boring" if sports are mixed in with politics ... the Palestinians through their ambassador stated that it was not a problem for Israel to come to Indonesia and play in the U20 World Cup why are the elements making such a fuss about rejecting it???"
"Some say it never occurred to Israel to qualify for the U20 World Cup... there is always a possibility that FIFA members can qualify for the Pildun qualification. Just like Indonesian football... go up one level but can go down 2-3 levels... "
Even though Bali has made a major renovation of the art center for the U20 drawing. ealah governor koplak to cancel. Does he think that if he is rejected FIFA will expel Israel next time?
"It is considered that the government must consider the potential for terror that will occur with the arrival of the Israeli National Team as participants in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. This was conveyed by an expert on terrorism Noor Huda Ismail."
"Until this second I don't think there has been an official statement from FIFA regarding the reasons for canceling the U20 World Cup draw. Why? Isn't it odd? There's no time. It's the same class as the World Cup. Was it canceled because many rejected Israel?"
"Indeed the Israeli U-20 National Team wants to come to colonize?? They are present as participants in the U-20 World Cup because they are entitled according to the rules of the FIFA game. To reject Israel's imperialist attitude towards Palestine you have to be consistent in that scope alone you don't need to expand it to other things that to our detriment"
erickthohirnews| Erick Thorhir will Otw Switzerland to lobby FIFA regarding Israel's polemic at the 2023 U20 World Cup ... | rise togetheret
"The Coordinating Minister for Political Legal and Security Affairs Mahfud MD spoke about the polemic for the 2023 U20 World Cup. According to Mahfud MD Indonesia and Israel do not have diplomatic relations. This is because Indonesia supports Palestinian independence. <"
just because of the u20 world cup? GP refused. then want to switch to wan kibul for support? I refuse! I will not be a victim of a country led by people who are not clear. if the arrival of the israel team could undermine the state's security conditions it's better not to. they are looking for loopholes to destroy this country.
"I support you reward. But you reject the israel u20 national team embarrassing"
Indonesia will not be the host. host moved. Indonesia loses. israel still playing wc u20. it has fallen on fifa tires
prof. Israel is in a position as a participant who passes. nor will he be diplomatic with us. for them yes to fulfill their duties as a u20 world cup finalist. and they don't want to know whether we accept or reject. the problem is if fifa agrees or not we reject israel. Sorry
"PSSI Bali asks not to bring politics to the U20 World Cup tease those who oppose the Israeli national team"
"Israel entered the qualification uh I don't know if I entered you know I hope Israel loses in the qualifying round. Meanwhile we are still playing in the U20 world cup without qualification so we are determined to be the host."
"It's time for law enforcement regulations with very firm &amp; harsh punishments and a deterrent effect for officials/officers who abuse their positions for self-enrichment & lazy people. These strict &amp; hard rules have not been in place since then until now so staff and officials performance is slow & unproductive u20 israel arab"
"Maybe the governor sir maybe the solution is that the U20 world cup will still be held 1 group matches with Israel maybe a stadium in Singapore / Malaysia can be rented out."
"Maybe the governor sir maybe the solution is that the U20 world cup will still be held 1 group matches with Israel maybe a stadium in Singapore / Malaysia can be rented out."
"israel ""recognized"" by the UN. Taiwan doesn't. Don't be whataboutism. This chaos doesn't need to be continued anywhere. Let's lobby FIFA first. Later FIFA will be even more sure it will be chaos if U20 is here. Just be patient."
erickthohirnews| erick thohir will report to jokowi about the israel national team at the u20 world cup - katadata | rise togetheret
"For example if you play in Singapore and Israel qualify for the final then the U20 World Cup final is in Singapore yes it's the same as Singapore holding the closing ceremony"
this is a matter of national integrity. If you have made a commitment to organize it you have to fulfill it not even if the reasons for wanting to do something are not clear because the Israeli children want to play football.
"Why can the Israeli parliamentary delegation enter Indonesia in 2022 now the U20 National Team has been rejected what's really going on???"
So is it true that Indonesia will face Israel in the U20 World Cup?
"If the U20 World Cup fails to be held in Indonesia it will definitely be a turning point for some Indonesians to hate Palestine. Without Mossad's intelligence operation Israel will one day be able to be "brothers" with Indonesia we'll see in the future."
"Tweeps demonstrations against the judicial overhaul policy idea by PM Benjamin Netanyahu in Israel are increasingly widespread. Meanwhile PSSI is increasing communication with FIFA regarding the cancellation of the U20 World Cup draw in Bali this week. Check out the info!"
I think the best way is when Israel's match tomorrow raises the Palestinian flag. Like yesterday's world cup. If you want to use CR what Pak Karno did in the past is not relevant at this time because Indonesia's strength is not what it used to be. let the U20 players also get to experience playing in pildun.
I will definitely return to Indonesia because only Indonesia can pay for the costs of organizing the U20 World Cup. but fifa kicks israel dongs first.
From Instagram this is the statement by the Palestinian Ambassador to the Republic of Indonesia regarding Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup
"Why is only Ganjar being blamed? After all so far Indonesia has not had diplomatic relations with Israel because the Republic of Indonesia is very much against colonialism which has been intensified by the Zionists."
"That's a politician. It takes 2-3 acrobatics to keep it attractive. Sometimes playing on 2 feet so there is a balance while there are opportunities for right and left okay. That's normal in politics. Regarding Israel it's clear that Israel doesn't need Indonesia but to host U20 Indonesia cannot reject Israel
"It doesn't have to be Palestine every colonial country Indonesia is definitely anti. This is a matter of ideology. Steady sir fight for love"
"The PSSI Bali Provincial Association (Asprov) still hopes that Indonesia can maintain its status as host for the 2023 U-20 World Cup even though Governor Wayan Koster rejected the presence of the Israeli national team in the U-20 World Cup match in Bali which caused…"
"Although a professor I do not agree with what was said. The U20 team was refused to compete in Indonesia not because it was called Israel but because of the following reasons: Israel is an colonial country FIFA's double standard (Russia invaded Ukraine was punished by FIFA while Israel is free)"
"Regarding pitting one against the other the Ngadirun faction is already good at it. Nationalists don't eat oranges okay? Let's give space to the central government now"
Did you just find out that Israel is joining U20? wasn't the preparation long before the pandemic? I'm also surprised... why prepare the stadium if the match is canceled in the end
"If only the U20 World Cup was held when Israel was playing we would gather and show our protest with banners and chants. The message would be more than a bouncy mode like this."
u20 israel is allowed to enter.. it means inviting war!!!
Erick Thorhir immediately lobbied FIFA in Switzerland regarding the Israeli national team the U20 World Cup was passing
the reasons don't make sense.. people live not only from playing football. it has nothing to do with the economy.. allahu hu akbar.. definitely provide a way out.. basically.. reject the israel u20 national team. point no debate. xixixixi
and the figures of people who reject the Israeli national team dpildun u20 pretend to be defender heroes who pretend to be holy statesmen?
"Indonesia passed the bidding for the 2019 U20 World Cup no team has yet passed except for the host. Israel passed in 2022 maybe it was unpredictable. You tracked 2 months before the U20 World Cup started. Thinking you use the rectum interferes with differentiating sports same politics"
"Congratulations to friends who refused the Israel National Team to Indonesia to compete in the U20 World Cup are you satisfied with the dreams of our friends the Indonesian U20 National Team which you buried their dreams to play in the World Cup"
publication of the Koran in Arabic. the organizer of the u20 world cup ball fell in Indonesia. What I ask is what does the Koran have to do with football??? - - isn't israel a human population...? Isn't Indonesia a human population...? or... could it be that the teachings still hate others!?
"Dear Coordinating Minister why are you so busy with the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team? But you turn a blind eye to all the persecution of the majority against minorities isn't freedom of religion and practice of worship guaranteed by the constitution?"
"The act of trying to be 'popular' from PD*P by becoming one of Israel's strong opponents of participating in the U20 World Cup. It was thought to be cool in fact it was the beginning of your destruction in 2024. With an alibi Soekarno refused to compete with Israel. Unconscious different context. Don't know himself In the past who was the initiator of the attack on Malaysia?"
"If you play Chess the reward is already stuck in a corner you can't move you can't play beautifully. If you support Israel you will appear in the U20 World Cup for the path of peace with Palestine."
How do the supporters reward their comments regarding Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup? ko tumben rewards like mind with pks
"No duku no Israel u20 but as a host you should be able to place yourself please."
"You defend Palestine to death but you buried your hopes for the U20 national team to play in Pildun Palestinian and Israeli players can still play football freely and not affect it Indonesians are trying to chase your dreams at a sad grave"
"I support Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup. But with all these rejections I really support Israel as a substitute for Indonesia. Will the national team continue to play?"
it has nothing to do with Indonesia.. strike kek.. storm between them kek. which is clear don't allow u20 israel into the land of the motherland. point.. no debate.
Already knowing the possibility that Israel will be one of the participating countries in the U20 World Cup why not refuse to be the host from the start? what exactly happened?
rejection of the Israeli u20 team: 1. apa 212 2. pdi-p 3. gub. Bali 4. Alhamdulillah community... it's a good sign for Indonesia in the future... there's no need for football... it's important to get along as soon as possible
"Even if the ET lobby is successful and FIFA U20 will still be held in Indonesia the reward will still be labeled "racist" the kadrun will stick like parasites taking advantage of the anti-Israeli reward. And this will continue to be fried by the opposition."
"We are waiting for Anies Baswedan and Prabowo's views regarding the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. I want to know the perspective of the future presidential candidate regarding the relationship between politics and sports."
"The government lobby rejects the Israeli national team? Where is the logic? The lobby asks the government to withdraw from implementing the U20 and WBC because Israel is participating that's only true later if you host the Olympics it's the same resign. How come the lobby regulates federations outside of their own country..."
"keeps repeating. Christians are more Israeli than Israel itself and Muslims are more Palestinian than Palestine itself. funny but Indonesian never mind. (u20)"
"I'm a supporter sir but I'm sorry for Pak Reward's attitude towards Israel in the U20 World Cup. I don't agree. A leader must be able to distinguish between politics and sports politics and religion. A politician must also be able to analyze situations & conditions past & present."
"I always defended you for insults from this gang of opposing gangs but after PDIP rejected the Israeli national team and potentially thwarted the U20 world cup and brought FIFA sanctions. So now I'm so stupid I don't care anymore if you want to be insulted like this too"
I hope that in the final match at U20 Indonesia will meet against Israel. let's be satisfied..
"The U20 World Cup will be held. Many of the Israeli football team's rejection of Palestine's suffering. As long as the country has a capitalist system economic benefits are more important. Support for an independent Palestine is only pseudo. How in Islam is kaffah all mmc"
how does Islam view the participation of the israel national team in this u20 cup? see only at mmc u-20/israel world cup all mmc
"It would be a shame if they only refused to allow the Israeli U20 team to enter Indonesia to play football while also rejecting all products vaccines science produced by Israelis."
"Indonesia in pot one with the United States turns out to be able to meet Israel at the 2023 U20 World Cup"
"the u20 world cup the Israeli soccer team received a lot of rejection from various circles. economic benefits ignore the suffering of Muslim brothers by the Israeli Zionists in Palestine. the reality of the rulers of the secular capitalism system. what in Islam is all-round kaffah mmc"
"The opposition and Kadrun Collaboration are confused by their opponent's playing style regarding the U20 World Cup they both reject Israel. If so you can't play with sentiment or religious identity to beat it up"
"U20 world cup there were many rejections from various groups because of the arrival of the Israeli national team. The fact is that the rulers of secular capitalism in this country don't care about Palestine's suffering. Support for Palestinian independence is only apparent how in Islam kaffah is all mmc"
"If you want to make a terror attack why not at G20 if it's only for the Israel National Team even then the U20 age group the GP statement is purely electoral politics it's clearly legible so it's useless if you want to bend it to other issues"
"The country must not lose in the fight against terrorism or radical ideas in this nation when other countries visit Indonesia we must prove that Indonesia is a safe country by providing protection to the countries participating in the WC U20 not as a reason for trauma and then rejecting Israel."
What do you think about the arrival of the Israeli National Team to Indonesia for the U20 World Cup?
"The country must not lose in the fight against terrorism or radical ideas in this nation when other countries visit Indonesia we must prove that Indonesia is a safe country by providing protection to the countries participating in the WC U20 not as a reason for trauma and then rejecting Israel."
Instead of forbidding me to come it's better to accept kindly.. but with the psychic war that really made Israel unable to do anything and destroyed the U20 World Cup.. by going to the stadium to support the opposing team and destroying Israel on the field. more elegant
"You said Palestine supports Indonesian independence right? Why did you bring Ozil? "The Palestinians don't have a problem with the Israeli team participating in the U20 World Cup."
"Suggestions for a solution for the U20 football match for the Israeli team can still come to the Republic of Indonesia and play football. But to prevent them from the threat of terrorism because this country is not as safe as Afghanistan I suggest that all matches with the Israeli team be held in JIS a special stadium without spectators . How?"
latest football news nova88 indonesia click: if support israel appear in world cup u20 for peace walk with palestine
the fact is so....want to be the host of any sport if Israel becomes a participant there will be uproar like the u20 world cup....those who cannot compromise with Israel will throw tantrums....
u20 world cup in indonesia. israel national team included. rejection from various quarters for the suffering of the palestine brothers. the fact is we see how the attitude of the rulers of capitalism in this country. how in islam kaffah is all mmc
"God bless the savage Israeli zionist doom Indonesia don't ever let Israelis join the U20 team get kicked out"
what if the u20 world cup in indonesia takes place and israel wins.. what will happen. maybe demo time yaa
that's fifa with uefa rejecting russia. that too by voting. not the host country.. this is Indonesia who submitted the proposal and Indonesia also refused. Israel will enter the U20 World Cup in mid-2022. But why are they protesting now.
Israel National Team Rejection List for the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia: 1. Haris Pratama KNPI 2. Ganjar Pranowo 3. Wayan Koster 4. PKS 5. etc...
"The disaster for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia this time was Israel's escape. Israel is like an unexpected baby born. Indonesia maybe never thought when it offered itself to be the host that Israel could be a contestant who could qualify for the U20 World Cup this time. this was an accident."
"I prefer a Muslim who dares to reject the presence of Israeli Zionists at the U20 World Cup 2023. That is what is called a Muslim who is kaffah."
Are you looking for profit and loss playing football? Looking for not winning or losing huh! monalak u20 israel is a step forward!!
"It means actually the double standard is more towards countries that didn't want to compete against Russia yesterday but Israel still wants to. Yes it's the best for the U20 world cup event so thank you it doesn't work it's okay anyway maybe it's really worth it if you look in the mirror advisory case response
"The cancellation of the U20 World Cup is a victory for this radical group assisted by the governor of Bali the governor of Central Java with the governors' rejection of the Israeli team"
"No diplomatic relations Ridwan Kamil asks Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup to be evaluated"
if support israel appears in the u20 world cup for the path of peace with palestine
"It would be better if Israel didn't come and if the consequence is that the U20 World Cup event is canceled for us then accept it."
"Until the end of the world Israel and Palestine will not be at peace." That's right Kate Kite... but if Allah has willed those who can forbid hopefully the wisdom from the rejection of the U20 World Cup National Team Israel can be a way to peace for both of them.
warungtoto now has a totomacau pools market at warungtoto with a capital of 10 thousand you can get a jackpot of millions of rupiah wa: +855 85886598 link for register:
"The polemic of the Israeli national team at the Indonesian U20 World Cup Ibnu Jamil opens his voice: he doesn't like following FIFA rules get out!"
"13. Fifth encourage all FLP members to write in support of Palestine and reject Israel's arrival at the 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup"
"the presence of the israel football team at the u20 world cup is a real portrait that the capitalist system for the sake of the economy will take anyone even the enemy of the muslim community. all mmc"
8. FLP as part of the Indonesian nation conveys several attitudes regarding Israel's participation in one of the teams that will be present at U20 2023
"If we are the ones who rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup for reasons of empathy for Palestine what if the Israeli ambassador in Indonesia doesn't mind if those of us who claim to be true nationalists still don't accept it?"
"Jokowi is in a dilemma in dealing with the U20 World Cup situation because the PDIP as a party also strictly rejects the presence of the Israeli national team. The statements of the PDIP people are also inconsequential they say the U20 World Cup can be held as long as Israel does not participate or Israel plays in other countries"
"Let's respect Indonesia's right to reject the Israeli national team at the U20 FIFA World Cup and let's also respect FIFA's right to cancel the U20 World Cup."
Mahfud MD looking for a solution to the fate of the U20 world cup: will not support Israel
"no problem not being the host of the u20 world cup... only russia can't participate in the world cup why can israel be unfair just think..."
"Yes you clearly said you didn't watch national football but watched WC and said you weren't happy with FIFA but watched EPL UCL etc. It was Indonesia's turn to hold WC U20 and coincidentally Israel was one of the participants. participant"
"Israelis who want to play football in Indonesia for the U20 World Cup event are banned because they are considered colonialists for Pakistan if those who disperse other religious worship are colonialists right? !!!!!"
complicated lahhh..... fiia u20 israel pssi
if the israel football team still insists on being included in indonesia to follow u20 the current government regime is in order with its own people boss just watch.
if it gets frozen again PSSI what will happen to the players and other officials. Hope the u20 world cup drama will end quickly 1. postponed by covid 2. naturalization of players 3. field for concerts 4. israel's refusal 5. discourse on moving peru 6. no.5 if you become PSSI you will be penalized bro
sir &amp; sir don't waste the struggle since 2019 to host the u20 world cup... don't because of the rejection of the Israeli u20 national team it will be in vain... don't destroy the dreams of our young players to compete in the u20 world cup
the name of the potential must be prevented.. yes it is impossible to attack israel in their own country.. .. the name is the potential and the risk is very high. the Bali bombing alone takes years to recover. especially when there are big events like WC U20.
"Fifa Attitude should not have to cancel the U20 final in Indonesia FIFA only needs to ban Israel from participating in other participants like banning Russia the match will continue in Qatar"
responding to the news regarding the refusal of the presence of the Israeli team to compete in the u20 world cup which is currently being discussed by the public. The government is moving quickly by trying to lobby FIFA about Israel's participation in competing in Indonesia.
"Israel has struggled to take part in the U20 World Cup from qualification when it passed the tournament it was rejected by the host and lobbied the event owner to refuse the guests of the event owner. The host did not know himself he joined the tournament without taking part in the qualifications he was arrogant. Event owner vs host "
"Why are you also commenting on Israel like that. It hurts sir. It sucks. Because all this time I always praise you. Maybe it's not because you don't want the U20 World Cup to be held in Indonesia it's just that I am personally disappointed with your thoughts."
those who pay who refuse israel come for u20
"If Israel enters right-wing residents are upset but if PD-U20 is canceled left-handers are angry. Plus right-wingers took the moment to say they are incompetent and can't work again promoting old songs on new cassettes. The players are the same again. Yes please cut it out firmly snake head"
"Those who play soccer for the nation's children who are under 20 years old you reject Israel even though there have been events such as cheating Israel is welcomed. Your logic is really strange. So far I have supported PDI. Now I have doubts about you. Greetings from the nation's children."
"Politicians shouted and shouted against the arrival of the Israeli U20s because it was not in accordance with the UUD45 the nation's children were being persecuted for carrying out their worship which was clearly against the UUD45 their muzzles were silent"
"Idiot Hamas &amp; Jeeps in Palestine is a terrorist organization many countries have recognized it including Saudi Arabia the impact of rejecting Israel at the U20 WC this time is stupid just imagine being ready to be the host and not to be grgr to people like you ouch You're so stupid you have to repeat it."
u20 world cup could be a system of capitalism accept the israel football national team which is based on certain interests...how about palestine? see the video on serbi serbi mmc
block where palestine can accept israeli u20
"In my opinion just continue with the U20 World Cup by giving the Israeli team the opportunity to play. This is about young people who like football not like Indonesians who claim to be religious but do not recognize the existence of other religions. "
it's better if fifa firmly cancels indonesia to host the u20 world cup...and we'll see how the efforts of the israeli resisters to save their many generations who will become unemployed!!!!
Is there a ban on the U20 children of the Israeli national team from playing in Indonesia in the Qur'an?
"PSSI Bali asks not to bring politics to the U20 World Cup tease those who oppose the Israeli national team"
tumben pdip is similar to 212 about palestine and israel in the u20 world cup??? reward caper even blunder ??? erick thohir is being tackled smoothly or is the road even smoother ???
"If PKS FPI and HTI reject the Israeli national team it is because it is in the interest of their group for their political interests and to thwart the U20 World Cup because the event is Jokowi's agenda. They don't want it why Jokowi is increasingly flying internationally"
nova88 Indonesia's latest football news click: Israel's polemic at the 2023 U20 World Cup: practice two views so that Indonesia will remain victorious
Indonesia instead debates Israel's issue at the U20 world cup hamdeh
If Tapanuli has an international standard stadium the Israel U20 football team is guaranteed to be safe to play and there will be no objections from the people of Tapanuli.
"Those who used to be cool are already happy overdoing it suddenly become confused. It's a sudden rush that Timnss_israel wants to play too. FIFA's regulation pan already understands distinguish between political and sporting events..."
you could say it's just a political party mask &amp; If the mask is removed it's not like that Indonesia will host the U20 World Cup in December 2020 Israel will pass in July 2022 why did they not protest when Israel passed just 2 months into the event? If not politics then what else?
you could say it's just a political party mask &amp; If the mask is removed it's not like that Indonesia will host the U20 World Cup in December 2020 Israel will pass in July 2022 why did they not protest when Israel passed just 2 months into the event? If not politics then what else?
"In my opinion yesterday's rejection of the Israeli U-20 national team was because someone was playing behind... maybe it really meant to maintain conduciveness... especially now that it's the fasting month... I'm afraid there are things I don't want which will instead impact Indonesia's image in the eyes of the world.. just an opinion"
"Those who speak reward you support try if Anies and the opposition will definitely blaspheme you. Football issues don't bring politics even though FIFA has double standards Indonesia entered the U20 World Cup on the host route only singing very loudly while Israel entered the World Cup on the achievement path. "
"If Indonesia fails to host the U20 World Cup I can't imagine that there will be a lot of doubts. Rather than rejecting the arrival of Israeli players it's better during the Israeli match our stadium is filled with Palestinian flags and attributes."
cieee who uses guidelines hahahaha on the front line of the battlefield in the south china sea we selva selviie in the u20 world cup we selva selvi with the israel national team if i'm gweh gweh enough to remove us for: disobeying party command hurrraaaa
"PBNU chairman Yahya Cholil Staquf responded to the rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team to Indonesia by better improving Indonesia's moral position in the eyes of the international community. What do you think...?"
"Idiot you idiot a dog let alone bro... it seems like you're feeling down try to apologize first... then try to tell Mr. Karno about the history how come the U20 Israel National Team can't play here?? Israeli badminton athletes have ever playing here cyclists have also been"
"I'm sorry I lost respect and unfollowed you you shouldn't have to join in rejecting the Israeli team in the U20 World Cup just for the sake of saying that PDIP cadres are loyal and don't think about the impact on Indonesian football and the people who depend on it for their living. Your blunder sir."
"Please for those who reject Israel and the fate of Indonesian football which has been destroyed have you ever thought that the U20 World Cup could be a bridge to bring in foreign tourists who love football and help people who are in trouble in this era of recession please be smart"
"Indonesia fellow clubs there could be a tragedy that will be in the spotlight in the world. I'm sure if Israel plays nothing strange will happen that will affect Indonesian football especially if this is the U20 World Cup"
"Indonesia rejects Israel's Zionists doesn't it make it to the U20 World Cup in Indonesia at least we are banned by FIFA returning to Tarkam Palestine is still able to play in international events"
I Wayan Koster was heavily blasphemed for rejecting the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup
The national team on the last day of Israel continues the U20 World Cup Palestine continues the Asian Cup
"Indonesia should have known long ago that Israel was participating in the U20 World Cup why is the excitement only now?? That means wishy-washy. Yes respect FIFA too with their decision. Why do they have to be lobbied for? The impression is that they want to win alone.."
Israeli polemic at the 2023 U20 World Cup: exercise two views so that Indonesia will remain victorious
"The polemic over the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup Mahfud MD: the truth is..."
"The U20 World Cup in Indonesia has been cancelled Argentina is ready to be a substitute! It could be because of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict the SNBP announcement will be announced today. Reportedly Salma Joshua Dinda are immature Jungkookxcalvinklein collaboration"
"The governor is also running now refusing the presence of the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup. The drawing which was planned to be held in Bali was finally canceled by FIFA."
return to israel. The U20 World Cup is in danger of being canceled in Indonesia
"stupid logic of political parties politicians &amp; mass organizations that reject the Israeli national team: - The U20 World Cup may take place as long as Israel cannot participate only the host forbids participants - Israel may play as long as it is in another country how come the story is that the host Indonesia is playing in another country "
"Bawaslu must watch this... the Israeli-Palestinian issue is increasingly busy decorating the U-20 World Cup in Indonesia. Let's just poll those who agree Israel will continue to play in the U-20 World Cup retweet those who disagree like"
"The problem is different bro this is a matter of competition and equality. As fellow FIFA members Israel has the right to take part in the U20 World Cup after passing the qualifications. So now the government just has to choose whether to be idealistic or follow the rules"
"Yeah right now it's better if all Nas/INT activities are solo even if U20 is still being held and the Israeli team insists on coming it's best if all matches from the initial round to the final are solo too if necessary the people don't agree too much move it to solo too. ."
"Maybe if it's only the PKS HTI FPI &amp; MUI cadres who reject it the government will definitely accept the Israeli national team for the sake of holding the U20 World Cup. But because PDIP is the party that supports the government Jokowi's party also refuses so that's a dilemma. "
"That's right I now support it because I don't reject the presence of the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup"
"latest soccer news nova88 indonesia click: u20 world cup 2023: pssi will lobby about israel sty think about indonesian football"
I suspect that if Indonesia was to cancel being the host for U20 the real cause is not Israel's business
"It's useless for a pious presidential candidate who is supported by Kadrun not to have the courage to expressly give a statement against Israel's presence at senile u20 (play it safe) you still lose sir"
"noh for example Morocco Egypt Bahrain. The majority are also Muslims but.... we are good friends and good friends with Israel. ...."
and Indonesia is still worried about Israel participating in the U20 World Cup
"Benjamin Netanyahu wants Israel to be like Indonesia under Jokowi that is law enforcement is weakened by the way the Ma'israel weakens its authority in matters of justice not because U20 is being rejected here that's really great"
I hope Prof Mahfud will talk about Israel's rejection at U20 while asking all sports and other events in many countries that reject Russia.
"Indonesia has agreed to reject Israel's Zionists from joining u20 to play in Indonesia... as a large and sovereign nation it must enforce/implement the constitution in a real way... FIFA should act fairly such as banning Russia from participating in the World Cup/Olympics"
As the people we want WC U20 to continue to be held in our beloved country Indonesia with or without Israel. and for those who feel the holiest people please with great respect for the government prepare their sending planes - those who want to help Palestine to fight don't just have an opinion!
"The government of the Republic of Indonesia cq the Pres has not officially stated that they reject the Israeli national team in the U20 match. There are people who refuse in a democratic country it's okay but it doesn't matter. There are regional officials who refuse they don't represent the country. You can't give unilateral sanctions to Indo."
"From the start it's wiser to just say your personal opinion about Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup don't use narratives that are scary or sway opinions so the impression isn't gentle"
"Those who rejected Israel why did the h-60 event just become a joke. Yesterday at Euro U20 where did you lose your voice? Are you ready to bear the loss of the souvenirs that have been made? can the state compensate for the loss?
"2023 U20 World Cup: PSSI will lobby on Israel I think about Indonesian football"
If you hate Israel just fight it on the field. beat it (that too if possible). not like this way. the preparatory budget was out so much suddenly it was cancelled. look for the 2024 stage until that much. u20
"Agreed u20 must continue in Indonesia as evil as Israel is there have not been any suicide bombers in Indonesia the perpetrators are Israeli lovers but as religious as religious there are many Palestinian lovers or defenders who have become terrorists in our own country. Keep that in mind"
"You see the Palestinian ambassador who is originally from there doesn't prohibit Israel from being able to play football in Indo they also believe in fighting for their right to independence. There are many other ways why should it be like this? A lot will be lost if the U20 World Cup is cancelled. in Indonesia"
don't let the u20 world cup be cancelled. it has been our dream so far to play at the highest level of fifa. Israel has already sent its athletes to Indonesia
preeettt. your social assistance. Your position is the head of the dpc. your narrative is messy. You don't even have the right to ban Israel from competing in the U20 World Cup. all you can say according to your party's orders is only to say that you are not allowed to step on this country.
The U-20 World Cup which is being held in Indonesia is in danger of being cancelled. FIFA's reason for canceling the decision was assessed because of the rejection of the participation of the Israeli national team in the 2023 U20 World Cup
"Football isn't very important to me what's important is that we don't claim to be mencle can be tolerant of the world of football when have we ever been to Israel just shut up before the U20 World Cup there was also a big olga event and also Israel. or who will come to Bali there will also be Israel."
"Yes and Indonesia at WC U20 is only the host..the real host is still FIFA..in other words FIFA is just taking a seat the invited guests are still FIFA who decides if there are any objections why not just say ""if Israel passes?  Indonesia doesn't want to accept it"" sure will not be chosen by FIFA"
"U-20 world cup | fact check - just asking why is Israel's participation only now becoming a problem? It turns out that we are not yet adults. Erick Thohir is negotiating sorry for the U-20 players"
still rejecting israel in this 2023 u20 world cup? this is the bet I really want to see Indonesia host the 2036 Olympics why can't it be good for Indonesia on the international stage separating politics and sports
"Augustine Nahak supports the Israeli National Team to play the U20 World Cup in Indonesia this is football not politics"
"Fasting is hard not holding back hunger & thirst but seeing the edgy political elite who refuse Israel to play in the U20 Indonesian World Cup even though the Palestinian ambassador doesn't matter... blokkkkk"
"Those who reject Israel don't think how disappointed the younger generation of players are who have hopes of appearing in the U20 World Cup? They just want to play football no political thoughts at all. You sacrifice their dreams you bastard politicians!"
"""I don't think so I don't want to expel Israel to my land I want my Palestinian friends to feel betrayed"" ""I'm your problem I don't care I don't care it's not the athlete's problem My problem is the Israeli army.
help make excuses but not a spokesperson "at that time Israel was not sure of qualifying for the u20 world cup"
"Looking at the Israelis at the U20 Cup is not true it's looking at yourself and others"
"Cool sir a brave leader against the Zionists by rejecting Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. How are you the sholeh presidential candidate why don't you stay quiet look for safety wait for his statement."
"Starting to read the pattern suddenly the government banned the Israeli national team from playing in the U20 Pildun and had an impact on the status of Indonesia's position as the host which began to be taken into account or considered by FIFA."
"I want to use the stadium for the u20 world cup but the Israeli team rejected it so why do you want to go to your country... you say what you want..."
"Really the government PDIP PKS and MUI want to manage an institution as big as FIFA Indonesia is just the host how come it wants FIFA to comply with Indonesia's wishes. The point is that rejecting the Israeli national team is tantamount to canceling the U20 World Cup and inviting FIFA sanctions"
"Really the government PDIP PKS and MUI want to manage an institution as big as FIFA Indonesia is just the host how come it wants FIFA to comply with Indonesia's wishes. The point is that rejecting the Israeli national team is tantamount to canceling the U20 World Cup and inviting FIFA sanctions"
"I just realized something Israel's refusal to hold the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is to cover up the legalization of copyright work"
"As a result of the Israeli national team's rejection the draw for the U20 World Cup was postponed Indonesia was subject to sanctions?"
Mahfud MD opens his voice about the polemic over Israel's refusal to play the U20 World Cup via
I'm sure Anies will not dare to support or reject the Israeli national team competing in the U20 World Cup...
thank you sir for rejecting the israel team to play in the u20 world cup. You have saved football in Indonesia. so as to avoid playing with Jewish groups who are infidels which can result in going to hell.
congratulations sir for your refusal of the israel team to play in the u20 world cup. I hope there won't be any future Indonesian leaders who are cowards like you
"Well... does the Israeli U20 national team want to colonize Indonesia? The Israeli U20 national team came to Indonesia just to play football not to colonize/war. The Dutch who were refused to come to Indonesia should have been because the Netherlands had colonized Indonesia for 350 years."
"Indonesia does not have diplomatic relations with Israel. But the U20 World Cup is FIFA's agenda and it is entrusted to Indonesia. If you want to join Israel Russia or the colonizers it has been mandated by FIFA already long ago since 2019 with the contracts. btw Israel u20 have qualified for the world cup since June 2022"
"Pretending to be wise what's the relationship between the Social Security Team and Palestine? If Israel takes part in the U20 World Cup there will be a war like that??? Israel badminton athletes who go to Indonesia are cool and calm how come it's football's turn to be noisy???? !! it looks really carmuk"
"Also think that the regime can't fulfill the infrastructure requirements; then Ganjar Koster and friends oversleep if they reject the Israeli football national team. Including elements from the non-Muslim Muslim community who are the ones who reject the Zionist team. Incidentally the omdo regime is tight!! so pessimistic wc u20we wait"
"Block this is not a problem of bloodshed this is a problem of commitment why did not six months ago refuse Israel to participate in the u20. And who volunteered to be the host"
this is not so funny. love the picture of the Israeli army which is still in conflict with Palestine. The more here those who reject Israel in the U20 Cup are getting crazier. and those who support Israel in the U20 Cup are also getting excited.
"Right now it hasn't happened yet but if the Israeli U20 team still comes and plays in Indonesia then the risk/negative impact will be huge. And the opportunity for radicals this is the moment for them to wage jihad as well as the political opponents of the government if ."
"even though the Palestinian ambassador doesn't matter if Israel plays in the U20 world cup uh here it's so" "rejecting Israel uses the excuse of solidarity with the Palestinian people"
"even though the Palestinian ambassador doesn't matter if Israel plays in the U20 world cup uh here it's so so" "refusing Israel uses the excuse of solidarity with the Palestinian people chuaks"
maybe when neken didn't think the israel team would pass wc u20
"I think that the political parties are really strong in this country to the point where they really dominate the center of government but the young Israeli U20s are too scared to the point of playing football their goal is to reject it. Cupu"
"Yeah that's not in Indonesia in Indonesia there are lots of funny political parties and mass organizations clearly different points of view. Even young Israeli U20s they're really scared. Nosy"
"Regarding people rejecting Israel at the U20 World Cup with reasons of being tolerant caring about everything etc. It's a little annoying for these open minded people."
"Don't be proud that you can refuse the Israeli national team to play in Indonesia we are proud that the holding of the U20 World Cup has been a safe success"
"It's embarrassing Sir Bas Aje Israel has the right to take part in the U20 World Cup because it passed the European zone qualification and sports lagee nape must be linked to religion bro please help your crew make it lagee so you don't get choked up"
"Yeah sorry who are we in FIFA's eyes...? If the U20 World Cup is canceled in Indo the losers won't be Israel Palestine let alone FIFA"
"It's wasted the preparation that has been done for years if it gets to FIFA sanctions man power don't be proud that you can refuse the Israeli national team to come to Indonesia we are proud that the holding of the U20 World Cup has been a safe success"
"How come you suck at Israel coming here? Then if there is a problem with colonization in UUD45 why don't you reject Japan England France who are also colonialists and will come to the U20 World Cup?"
"stop netizens netizens don't worry about the Israeli national team where is Palestine just teach them. Don't let the Indonesian U20 World Cup be canceled don't let there be sanctions"
"Idiot that bid was from 5 years ago and you know. Israel in Europe is considered bad at any age. But it's funny when suddenly"" can enter the U20 world cup ""European zone"" you know many countries strong you think
"Don't let Indonesia be punished by FIFA because of Israel. Please sir football is entertainment for the Indonesian people don't be disturbed."
Don't just insist on rejecting the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team but also think about the impact on our football if we are banned by FIFA. even though many magnificent stadium buildings have been built in each region but there are no more football matches so what is the point? want to make a kadrun cattle shed
"Welcome the Israeli U20 team I hope the Indonesian U20 team will be the champion. If Jokowi is the president of Indonesia of course he will not reject the presence of the Israeli U20 team please like when President Jokowi was pressured by western countries to reject Russia at the last G20."
"If "independence is the right of all nations" then an independent Papua should also be granted. Just my sotoy logic anyway. (Palestine Israel u20 )"
"So when we say we are defending Palestinian interests by rejecting the Israeli U-20 national team whose interests are we acting for? Palestinian Muslims or Hamas? This is completely different we don't have to bother with the political maneuvers of public figures."
"Ah I want to pretentiously comment on the Israeli polemic at the U20 World Cup. BT I'm easy what are the benefits of rejecting the Israeli U20 National Team for Palestinians? Maybe many don't understand that Palestinians who live outside the Hamas area live better lives than Indonesians ."
Mahfud MD regarding the polemic on the Israeli national team at the U20 CC Prof World Cup read in full
"Those who refuse Israel to play football at U20 are people who don't know football and don't care about Indonesian football because obviously Indonesia will be subject to heavy sanctions from FIFA. Meanwhile those who support are people who don't know politics like me. Rip the Indonesian national team."
"Your minimal literacy was very visible when you joined in rejecting the Israeli U20 team to play in Indonesia! Don't mix politics and sports! I understand you want to make faces at Megawati but instead you show your inability to become a leader!! "
Why do politics mix with sports? madman indeed! Even though Palestine doesn't have a problem with Israel participating in the U20 World Cup. want more from Palestine
"If it's a constitutional issue why wasn't it taken care of from the start especially since Israel didn't suddenly qualify for the U20 World Cup it's time to start it's a hassle. President Menpora PSSI how about this?"
israel times world cup u20 tea
"The rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team is currently very full of interests related to the political year this is a strategy to win the sympathy of supporters of political opponents in an effort to win simultaneous elections"
"I hope that Panjengan can continue Mr. Jokowi so I really support his name but to be honest I am disappointed with him because he rejected Israel in the U20 World Cup and it is very detrimental to our football. I am sorry father I say goodbye.. I will not support Panjengan anymore. "
"I have been a loyal supporter of Mr. Jokowi from the beginning until now and I also support gp but since gp rejected Israel in the u20 world cup and it automatically harmed our football from now on I will lose. Please promote gp again on social media. I am really disappointed."
Indonesian supporters should unite to support the implementation of the U20 World Cup with or without the presence of Israel. do not want to lose to political pressure.
"Instead of demonstrating against Israel's U20 visit to Indonesia for humanitarian reasons it's better to go to war to prosecute a case."
"did not voice his recommendation he should be ashamed to voice the arrival of the Israeli u20 national team"
"Now it is no longer important to discuss Israel at the U20 whether Israel is present or not the most important thing is that the ketum are able to resolve this quickly so that Indonesia will still be the host at the U20."
"That may be the same as showing Indonesia's support for Palestine not having to refuse Israel to compete at U20... there are various ways to support the Palestinian struggle. Likewise our love for Rasulullah SAW doesn't have to treat his dhuriyah like that like HBS+hrs"
"Palestinians who are defended by Israel are mediocre they can play football if it's sports it doesn't matter. In Indonesia a country with only the power some citizens stubbornly refuse Israel to play in the U20 WC Israel continues to play WC U20 Palestine enjoy other countries enjoy playing Indonesia's WC is banned nauzubilah. Stupid"
it's hard to be saved ... the acting minister of FIFA said take it or leave it (outline) ! if no israel ... it means no world cup u20 for you !
"The protesters are ridiculous why are the protests being carried out just before the day of the U20 World Cup even though Israel's participation was known from the start... why not from the start of the protests why when hundreds of billions of funds have been disbursed to renovate new stadiums to protest ahead of implementation"
"cruelty is sometimes not innate but caused by imagination which is slow to ripen. someone who is ""immature"" (childish) is the most frightening in this world... . . tags israel palestine u20 peru"
"Speaking of Palestine & Israel does anyone know how the PSSI U20 national team squad feels at the moment. At least have a little empathy like if they don't compete. It's a pity they are only young talents who intend to live from the Indonesian football industry. I'm sorry for the young Garuda"
"It's sad to see that our government regarding the FIFA U20 World Cup is represented by P Muhadjir as if sandwiched between 2 giant walls Ndrun and FIFA helpless wants to also control FIFA with Israel's option without the flag and national anthem I'm sad to see p come on sir!"
"When Indonesia was chosen to host the U20 World Cup it automatically had to be ready to welcome any participants who passed. I am sad to see these 2 governors Israel has already passed starting in June 2022 but refused them to play in the U20 World Cup. Are you both sane?"
very ridiculous....especially the opponents of Israel why didn't they protest from the start even though it was known from the start that Israel was one of the participants in the u20 world cup....which was held in Indonesia...why was it only just before the h...
what makes you create work is a lot of mice. For the refusal of the Israeli team to enter Indonesia for the U20 World Cup brainless sycophants don't think about young talent. Politics Politics Pak Sports sports need elementary school children to teach you all!
between shame and self-consciousness
"I chose reward not because I rejected the Israeli u20 national team but I chose reward because he rejected humans who live eat defecate on Indonesian soil but are intolerant of fellow children of the nation."
just to be fair like this... let u20 israel come and play until it's over and hopefully israel doesn't qualify for the next round so they can go home quickly naahh those who refuse go ahead... as long as there's no commotion... after a while this problem will disappear by itself. ..time will continue to run until doomsday comes
"u20 world cup| fact check - just asking why is itrael's participation only now becoming a problem?"
'' the polemic of the israel national team at the u20 world cup ''
"That means the PDIP and the crowd that rejected the Israeli U20 national team have dashed Jokowi's dreams. It's time for Pak Jokowi to follow his heart not the party's words save Indonesian football sir."
"Because there were those who pretended to reject the Israeli U20 team he said in accordance with Soekarno's enthusiasm. You should understand the Palestinian situation in Soekarno's time very much different from the current conditions. The governors of Bali and Central Java"
before u20... many israeli athletes have come to play in indonesia... actually e fifa also knew there would be this problem since the beginning of indonesia joining the u20 contest. those who shouted against Israel also knew that there would be an Israeli team since last year. basic kadrun e intention to destroy..!!
"did not voice his recommendation he should be ashamed to voice the arrival of the Israeli u20 national team"
"Indonesia rejects Israel the Israeli team will still play. But the Indonesian team can only bury their dream forever to take part in the U20 world cup."
"As a result of the Israeli national team's rejection the draw for the U20 World Cup was postponed Indonesia was subject to sanctions?"
"Wkwkwk this brings Russia together I only know that FIFA has banned it if out of the 20 participants in the U20 World Cup refused Israel FIFA would definitely cross Israel out just like Russia this is the one who refuses that only one country has the power what power does our country have."
"If you hate Indonesian football Wabil specifically PSSI you should support Israel's rejection right? So that the U20 World Cup doesn't happen PSSI is banned by FIFA etc. OK?"
"All of this was caused by the &amp; the Koster without realizing it they harmed their own country. What is the loss of the stupid ball? Israel being rejected? The only loss is that we ourselves failed to become hosts failed to appear in the U20 World Cup the most severe sanction"
not participating in the protest about the arrival of the Israeli u20 team to Indonesia does not mean that they do not care about the suffering of Palestine an assumption based on hatred
such is the ferocity of Israeli Zionism. It's illegal... the Israeli u20 national team... set foot on the motherland's soil.
"Dude who else wants to appear? Even though Israel U20 has definitely passed from June 2022 but a new wave of rejection is happening now? The political year is very beautiful the scenery is ugly there are lots of party flags"
"Political jokes for the sake of gaining votes. Israel participating in the deception can attend compared to Israel participating in FIFA U20 the party that has spoken out loud against Israel should have a newly transformed party.
"The controversy over Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia reminds me of the film 'Munich' by Steven Spielberg. Those who haven't watched it please watch it yourself. It's OK to do it together. It's a tragedy in world sports."
How come I feel like there are other factors that make it fail (the stadium hasn't been able to or etc.) but to cover up the embarrassment it's made as if the U20 failed because Indonesia rejected Israel
Figures in Indonesia who refuse to participate in the FIFA U20 World Cup FIFA World Cup U20 should reflect on other sports that still provide opportunities for Israeli athletes to compete. because sport should be neutral!
"Sir wouldn't it be sad if Israel and Palestine took part in U20 while we only watched them compete and sanctions await?"
Entering the U20 World Cup the host line just brags and pretends to control Israel and wants it a lot....... I also if I have a neighbor like that I'll get rid of it right away right?
"I don't know what lobbying was proposed by Indonesia in the case of the recommendation to FIFA but the case in England was initially without sanctions over time sanctions were imposed. In the Pildul U20 case Indonesia's request was excessive Israel escaped with effort then wanted removed for constitutional reasons."
The rejection of the U20 football team from Israel's illegal regime means that we condemn the group's occupation of Palestine. if we let that group participate in football then there will be a justification for colonization
Jokowi considers the risk that will occur if Israel U20 comes... there will be chaos everywhere.. Mr. Jokowi considers the safety of the integrity of the nation
the u20 world cup remains in indonesia without israel as a participant
"We should be ashamed to ban Israel from participating in the U20 world cup they managed to become participants because they took part in the qualifications while we became participants only because we were hosts"
"We should be ashamed to ban Israel from participating in the U20 world cup they managed to become participants because they took part in the qualifications while we became participants only because we were hosts"
about israel in u20 erick immediately flew to zurich the fifa lobby
"I don't mean to talk... it won't be the same Russia is boycotting many countries that don't want to play/1 group with Russia it's the people here who don't accept Israel to play in the U20 World Cup only officials who are looking for 2024 votes.. no one A U20 participant who refuses to play vs Israel doesn't mean he can't be the host."
who are the opponents of the israel national team in the 2023 indonesia u20 world cup?
"The banner thank you Pak Ganjar for rejecting Israel at the Indonesian U20 World Cup circulating who made it?"
no more rejection of the Israeli national team and all participants competing without conditions again and all participating countries are guaranteed comfort and safety while competing in Indonesia including supporters from all participating countries if you want the U20 World Cup to continue as scheduled
"Why was Jokowi "trapped" by his own supporting party? Because the Governor of Bali Wayan Koster said that the rejection of the Israel U20 National Team was not solely based on his personal attitude (but) the attitude of the government as well."
"Because many other countries support Russia not being allowed to participate in the world cup are we? Only alone do we refuse Israel to come without an invitation to other countries to call for ""no Israel in world cup u20"" especially the Palestinian embassy for the statement ""it's okay"" yeah lose our power
"Then why only Israel Mamariki who colonized Iraq are free to play U20 here."
"Not Erick Thorhir's name if things like this can't be resolved. Sir hurry to Zurich and get it done with or without Israel Indonesia must continue to host the U20 World Cup"
"So who should Palestine be? Thinking in the midst of the U20 World Cup polemic Israel Indonesia Palestine PSSI etc."
coach please make a video of coach's response regarding Israel's refusal to participate in the u20 world cup in Indonesia
"Bali which once received an Israeli parliamentary delegation in 2022 suddenly rejected the Israeli national team in the 2023 U20 World Cup event in Bali even though in August Israel will also take part in the World Beach or World Cup event in Bali it's funny suddenly Solo is showing his finger to replace Bali accepting Israel... .tmbh cute"
"I'm so confused about the Israeli national team that they are willing to cancel hosting the U20 World Cup even though Palestine doesn't mind. Also if there's a war there are rules from long ago right (if you really use Islamic principles that's the standard)."
mahfud md about the polemic of the israel national team at the u20 world cup
"Naaaaaaaaat they are all. Stupid humans who easily swallow formal speech. Palestine just accepts Israel from U20 uh we become late heroes..."
"Scenario. Not Israel's reason for being the reason for FIFA canceling Indonesia's hosting. But because of the stadium's inadequacy. So that Indonesia didn't qualify for the U20 World Cup. But you can still take part in other events. Just try and see."
".problem prsby can't play nk gbt the reason is in maintenance ahead of the world cup. problem moso weak zinc instead playing away even though the status is home. trs problem israel. let's go to pildune gasido kwapok cok gathel kate enjoy with my son just check angele"
"Wow when FIFA banned Indo all of you I'm sorry for the people who take shelter in football I still want to see the national team play in Pildun don't because you want elections suddenly you pretend to be sat heroes the constitution is dirty you pretend to be defenders but corruption is everywhere you don't want to know the trophy the world should be in Indonesia"
By the way Israel has already qualified for the U20 World Cup last year you know it was noisy when we were close.
what happened to probably still sad to see
the ambassador is clear that formally he cannot prohibit or object to Indonesia's attitude which could be called intervention later. Even without Israel the U20 World Cup could still be carried out. not only this once the world cup can run even without the participation of certain countries
Can Israel not be told to attack Indonesia? so that fifa has a reason to cross out israel from the u20 world cup. problem solved right?
hi governor who banned Israel from playing fifa u20 don't let disaster happen to your province..a good country but damaged by people who believe in satan there's no point in worshiping and praying often but fanatical
"israel played in the u20 world cup palestine played in the asian cup indonesia was banned. palestine ""why did you get banned by fifa?"" indonesia ""because defended you"" palestine ""oh please be patient"""
I'd rather see Indonesia in the U20 Pildup sir.. Rejecting the Israeli national team doesn't make Palestine independent..
"It was the government that lobbied FIFA about the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 world cup so... bro Ganjar Pranowo only supports what the central government has said..."
"I don't mean to support Israel fully to support Palestine. But this is really ridiculous until U20 failed in Indonesia just because Indonesia didn't recognize Israel plus it was demonstrated by the community after all the Palestinian embassy said that Indonesia was only used as a facilitator meaning it's fine... :( "
"So read it first don't draw conclusions CNN said Tel Aviv was in chaos when Israel's U20 World Cup was rejected it wasn't rioting because the national team was rejected by the Republic of Indonesia"
in particular and what is the difference with the u20 world cup regarding israel's participation in that event. those who invited were not Indonesians but were indeed FIFA members and had the right to take part in the U20 World Cup tournament. Try to explain especially from Pak Nasir a PKS member
"Yeah yeah some European Union countries don't want to compete with Russia European clubs that have Russian sponsors have broken contracts... Indonesia is the only one who has refused... Russia still hasn't qualified for the Pildun Israel has already passed the U20 World Cup "
"from the issue of Israel and the U20 World Cup it shows the genuine quality of officials in Indonesia"
"Russia Ukraine Palestine or Israel they still have their own achievements in football... it's us we all sympathize but don't get anything. It's better to be very stupid with Israel-Palestine or Ukraine-Russia the important thing is that Indonesian children dream of joining Puldun u20 reached.."
the ambassador of palestine representing his country had no objections to the u20 world cup being the israel team
Did FIFA cancel the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because of Israel's rejection? I'm sure it's been set up so that political people reject Israel. even though the original stadiums weren't ready yet
just a simple question bro. israel a country isn't it?? where is the area?? who recognizes which country? Googling the history of Israel. this is the u20 world cup which is participated in by existing countries?? is israel?? since when was israel
Remembering the message from the Palestinian ambassador about Israel playing in the U20 world cup
"Dear governor of Bali and the government who rejected the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup because of the constitution. Here are people who come to Bali to make content that Bali is a cheap island where white people live then ask to advertise nickel through this person so that it is known to the world aren't you ashamed? "
israel 1 - indonesia 0 kpop fans 1 - football fans 0 otherwise u20 world cup hc
"It's a shame I feel sorry for the country of Israel our country has never been like this by other countries. Even though there is an option not to receive the U20 cup from the start but you really accept it but it's incompetent. Here the president is not firm. Too cowardly."
I have a feeling they turned down Israel in the U20 world cup because the facilities weren't ready yet
"The title and content of the news are not connected... there was rioting in Israel not because of Israel's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup but because the defense minister was fired. Again this is called click bait for news... trash media..."
"Israel is great they have always been silent during boycott actions by Indonesia. During direct contact at the U20 World Cup they were also silent. Indonesia has been busy making noise but has not realized that the hope of playing in the world cup has been sunk by Israel."
"Sir FIFA has been kind enough to include Indonesia in being active in the grand World Cup event even though it's only U20. But how come this country actually refuses the opportunity given only because Israel is an imperialist country."
"The only active anti-terror troops are Densus 88. The other 4 anti-terror troops have never been activated but it seems that their ability to deal with terror is doubtful if the U20 World Cup with Israel comes into play so it will be carried out in Indonesia... so remember Fadli Zonk who doubts densus 88..."
"What you reject is the Israeli national team whose dreams are buried are the Indonesian U20 national team and the dreams of millions of Indonesian children. This is the world cup man end all the debate and evil intentions to disrupt this grand event."
The Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia alone doesn't matter if Israel plays at WC U20
"astaghfirullah al'adzim the barbarism of Zionism god damn it. If it's this cruel are there still people who want the Israeli u20 national team to enter Indonesia?"
"Is a sport always subject to politicization in Indonesia? If you refuse with Israel why did you nominate to host the U20 World Cup in the first place?"
"rejection by the israel national team at the u20 world cup Indonesia as the host should be aware of the risks"
"Those who refuse don't think about what for the long term Indonesian football is already tired of bidding to host the U20 World Cup instead it wants to be thwarted because Israel is banned from entering just because it's messy in the face of regional elections it's thought it's easy to propose to host the world cup"
"For politicians who suddenly bring cards of principle of support to colonized countries try also to comment on the state budget that is used to buy weapons to Israel absolutely shameful if you cancel hosting the u20 world cup. zero competence and professionalism"
"The 2 perpetrators of Israel's refusal to compete in the 2023 U20 World Cup who are they? Here is the list"
even though if you think about it if Israel came it would be better if we bullied them when they were playing. don't just use the muscles.
palestine doesn't matter israel joins the u20 world cup why don't you and your family agree? as well as your family all leave for gaza to fight israel..
catch exclusive offers at flash sale from two shop glasses only until April 02 2023 at 17:59 WIB! manggarai cancel u20 u-20 israel
"mahfud md: israel is imperialist but indonesia will try to be active in fifa"
What is the effect now after the blunder regarding the rejection of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup?
Israel qualified last year but it was noisy h-1 month of the U20 World Cup
plt. Menpora: The arrival of the Israeli National Team at the Indonesian U20 World Cup does not violate the constitution
"What grudges do you have with the country of Israel to the point that a special verse is made. It says that the Israel National Team cannot compete in the U20 World Cup..."
Those who reject Israel's U20 are people whose brains are primitive and ancient don't want Indonesia to progress - the repellent is suitable for living in the stone age
those who rejected the israel team in the u20 world cup playing in indonesia
"If the U20 Puldun is canceled it is also mandatory to cancel Israeli athletes so that it is fair"
barjiman logic!!! PMrnth JKWI has spent 600 billion to try for Indonesia to become the host of the 2023 U20 World Cup. And this Koster can say that PMRNTH JKWI also refused??? the link that the official pmrnth rejected the israel team! do not equate the attitude of the party with the attitude of the government !!!
"Until 2023 until 2024 until the end of the world apparently we can only watch on TV Bakrit Kadrun Oppo vs buzzer PKI Tadpole Maghrum because there is an Israeli team problem. just play lato
it's hypocritical to reject Israel at u20 but by buying products made in Israel recognizing Israeli sovereignty
Anies dare to talk about Israel's U20? PDIP cadres only have this privilege.
"Even though before submitting you have to understand that there are consequences and impacts. Yes regarding the preparation of the stadium venue administrative matters costs & other issues. Israel's issue is another issue. When Israel had the right to play in the U20 World Cup Koar2 rejected Israel. Don't you think about that too? the consequences?"
"complicated...wis jan complicated. The latest news is that Israel has left the Gaza Strip and the West Bank because they are afraid they won't be able to compete in the U20s if they keep playing in Indonesia."
"Where have you been my friend? From the start the Palestinian embassy did not have a problem with the arrival of the Israeli national team they understood that Indonesia was only appointed by FIFA as the organizer of the u20 world cup event"
"Indeed if the Israeli national team enters here there will be many and wide job opportunities? It's still the U20 team look at the previous event it's not crowded. If it's against the law it's better not. Senayan was built by Sukarno because of the effect of the Israeli contingent's rejection in sports. Read history ."
"President Joko Widodo guarantees Israel will continue to take part in the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia along with a letter to FIFA"
"everything is already in the scenario rocking Ganjar with U20 if Israel plays in Indonesia demos and coups can be legalized in a subtle way if Israel doesn't play then IDN gets penalized all by design so that Indonesia is chaotic Ganja is hampered the fish is smooth cia win a lot modyar people."
"Peru is definitely hosting the U17 World Cup in November 2023 why are you busy with the U20 World Cup Indonesia? There's just some news" funny if FIFA can barter Peru to host U20 and Indonesia to host U17 if U17 doesn't have Israel if that's true we'll see what the reaction will be. pks and friends"
If you remember Gus Dur's position regarding Israel like this... and PKB's silence regarding the chaos of the U20 World Cup... we will lose. not only the figure of Gus Dur. but also the party he built..
steady top top be aware of the ancients and ancients who rejected Israel's u20
Palestine doesn't matter if the Israel U20 national team competes in Indonesia
"Still remember about our excitement at the G20 as if all the focus was on that event anyway contributing directly to the people? This is what we want to do with U20 branding let Indonesian football grow organically it really takes time. In fact our rejection of the israel national team mrp the branding itself
"actually the u20 world cup was not because of israel's refusal but there are still stadiums that need to be repaired and so on... but wakanda is busy discussing that instead of rain"
fifa be like: israel's u20 soccer player is handsome you know plus a big dick he's sure to end up bursting in the uterus. how come Indonesian girls refuse!?
"FIFA really wants to create a representative office in Indonesia but with FIFA's statement about organizing the U20 seasoned with the Israeli team's rejection will FIFA create a representative office in Indonesia?"
"Canceling to host the U20 World Cup and going to be subject to harsh sanctions from FIFA is clearly detrimental. But facilitating the Israeli national team in this country will be a much bigger risk. I'm sure it's going awry and the choice is only for ""better than worst"". "
FIFA should have also created a World Cup qualification zone on planet Mars specifically for countries that were rejected on their home continent Israel just made its debut in the U20 World Cup for 2023 through the European zone without including Israel as a member of the European Union
"About the Israeli national team polemic at the U20 World Cup Mahfud MD: For Bung Karno Israel is imperialist"
"sty ""we have prepared young and naturalist players for the u20 world cup"" governor of bali mass organizations local government parliament/mpr""we reject the israel u20 national team!"" netizens""it's not enough to play yet!" " palestine"""" saudi arabia""we don't want to lose to qatar!"""
"It doesn't matter if you defend Palestine but think about your own nation first. What are the dreams of the nation's children to appear in this U20 wc. I'm sure they are also big on Israel but refusing like this doesn't make us look cool. match israel"
"Israel has passed the U20 World Cup from June 2022 badminton athletes bicycles can compete in Indonesia 2022 Israeli delegates can come to Bali. They don't want war/politics their 19 year olds just want to play ball"
Pak Ganjar's tweet became an arena for residents to complain about the U20 World Cup chaos. because Mr. Ganjar was the one who voiced Israel's rejection. In the end Indonesia will be banned from FIFA
"Maybe they think the U20 World Cup is like the Senior World Cup where Israel is unlikely to qualify bro"
and the israel u20 national team finally resigned due to chaos in their country.... then the u20 world cup event in Indonesia is safe.
"One thought bro already know from the start that Israel has qualified for the U20 world cup why do you still want to join it's funny indog is really joking. By the way participating doesn't mean that it automatically supports Israel right yes all countries participating in the world cup support Israel many children fail to understand here"
"If Anies supports Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup I will make sure that 2024 will support him..."
"Argentina is reportedly ready to replace Indonesia as the host for the 2023 U20 World Cup. The draw process which was to be held at the Ksirarnawa building Bali was canceled by FIFA after the governor of Bali I Wayan Koster officially filed a rejection of the presence of the Israeli national team."
buya yahya gave a response to the controversy over Israel playing in the u20 world cup held in indonesia anastasia israel manggarai canceling the u-20 chaos peru bukber palmerah Bawaslu kamden risol
the draw for the u20 world cup was canceled because many parties refused to allow the israel national team to participate but why are the dutch and japan national teams fine which in fact used to colonize indonesia. he said please think about it
goodbye pdip if the position of pdip is as conveyed by the secretary general at the cnn political show. regarding the israel controversy in the u20 world cup final
"I also said is it true that all those who reject Israel must be included in their salary or don't their salary come from oligarchic taxes people who support Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia or people who don't care about Israel's arrival at this event? ."
"It's better to say that Indonesia is safe and ready to hold the U20 World Cup whether there is Israel or not."
"If you have been criticized here and there you are going to blame the government. When did the government reject the Israeli national team? It's a shame he thought FIFA wanted to lobby him to allow the Israeli national team to play in Bali. I don't know if Indonesia will be removed from the list of hosts for U20 because it is not profitable it is actually detrimental to football"
"Israel is really cool it made many countries excited... even though it's a small country it also passed the world cup Indonesia just wanted to appear in the u20 world cup because of the host finally it was canceled... and I don't know when it will be able to appear in pildun even though it's late.. Even though Indonesia is a big country..."
Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup which will be held in Indonesia has become such a big polemic in Indonesia. FIFA has decided to cancel the drawing which will be held in Bali on the 31st of March
Ridwan Kamil: "We don't have diplomatic relations with Israel….but the authority to interpret lies with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs….." West Java is one of the venues for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
"Get rid of your body Israel entered the final last year if Mr. Jokowi wants to why should he wait now? Why do you have to lobby FIFA so that you don't have your right to host U20 revoked due to a recommendation?"
"Imho it's okay if you want to protest against Israel joining U20 because FIFA is doing Russia like that but if football is a problem in the country that takes more than 130 victims blame it on the wind then there are no statements from those of you who reject Israel right? :)"
"If someone says that because of a canceled U20 world cup in Indonesia then indirectly the reward is considered a success of FIFA's intervention. It's really great isn't it? It's like a magician even though the central government still has to lobby FIFA about the participation of the Israeli national team."
this will be continued by the U20 host or change to another country; prof. but the long term consequences if u20 is canceled in Indonesia. Throwing Israel's matches to other countries is not a solution. do you want to accept or cancel?
and these party people who reject the israel u20 national team. have no commitment.
"It's better to support the party and presidential candidates who don't reject Israel's participation in the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
"The key is very easy. FIFA must have the courage to sanction Israel like when it sanctioned Russia until Russia fails to enter the 2022 world cup don't even sacrifice the host for the u20 world cup"
"Indonesia must strongly reject the arrival of the Israeli Jewish U20 team except for their pro regime!"
"haha it's really funny yes the old-fashioned people's answers like this mix football with the 1945 Constitution you remember that Indonesia is not here only as the host of the U20 World Cup and Indonesia has no right to exclude Israel from participating in the U20 World Cup."
do not exaggerate. Regardless of Israel's oppressive behavior towards Palestine we as hosts must be professional. If you are threatened in every game you don't need to be attended by spectators. This will have a long impact on Indonesia if Israel boycotts the U20 World Cup. do not be selfish.
"The turn for the U20 World Cup is near and Israel is joining in (even though it will qualify for June 2022): ""there is demo material here"""
"When HBS took over as Acting Menpora immediately consulted MUI regarding Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup at that time there were already signs that the tournament would fall apart whether it was his own initiative or whose orders it was it would be a shame if it ended up failing and getting banned"
imagine first 'what if Israel joins as a U20 participant where Indonesia is the host'
The U-20 World Cup which is being held in Indonesia is in danger of being cancelled. FIFA's reason for canceling the decision was assessed because of the rejection of the participation of the Israeli national team in the 2023 U20 World Cup. Do you agree with this decision?
because gangar doesn't agree israel comes and u20 is canceled cook only ganjar is the one who has to be responsible. basic pledok luh
"1. Indonesia rejected the Israeli team even though they were just athletes not a matter of politics 2. Canceled hosting the U²⁰ which was attempted 3 years ago 3. PSSI was banned by FIFA in an international event ranking dropped 4. The Israeli team still competes in the event at U20 somewhere else 5. we are just spectators"
Israel refuses to play WC U20 in Indonesia must use verses from the Koran...? it's going to be noisy
"It's even more complicated for Mindos especially if Israel passes again at U-17 the national team from the host will also need preparation so they don't look bad when the event starts because for sure the U17 and U20 will use different national teams"
"If you know that Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup why didn't Indonesia withdraw from the start as host"
How come politicians are sensitive to silence...if the protests won't be covered by the media right? different from Israel in WC U20...
"I want to join the fantasy. The U20 world cup is still in Indo but especially for Israel it's playing in Singapore with a group. So later it will be a bit like hosting with Singapore. Next time I will become PSSI's exco with this idea"
"yo ra maybe the u20 world cup without israel if without indonesia it's really possible"
"You know Israel has passed the U20 World Cup from July 2022 why not right after that the Fifa lobby immediately rushed to say that if our principle is to reject Israel there must be more time for deliberations.
Israeli athletes will take part in the 2023 World Beach Games in Bali. there has been no rejection of israel like there was in the u20 world cup.
"1. Indonesia rejected the Israeli team even though they were just athletes not a matter of politics 2. Canceled hosting the U²⁰ which was attempted 3 years ago 3. PSSI was banned by FIFA in an international event ranking dropped 4. The Israeli team still competes in the event at U20 somewhere else 5. Indonesian audience only"
"He said Peru was chosen to swap with Indonesia Indonesia will host the U17 World Cup Nov 2023 (which Israel does not necessarily qualify for) while Peru will host the U20 world cup. Yes Peru is happy that the U20 world cup is much more prestigious and is the U17 Indonesian team already prepared?"
really weird. Israel has already qualified for the U20 World Cup since when? why is the fuss so tight to start? where were you yesterday?
"1. Indonesia rejected the Israeli team even though they were just athletes not a matter of politics 2. Canceled hosting the U²⁰ which was attempted 3 years ago 3. PSSI was banned by FIFA in an international event ranking dropped 4. The Israeli team still competes in the event at U20 somewhere else 5. Indonesian audience only"
Why is Israel participating in the U20 World Cup on the condition that they do not touch Palestine again?
"Sports is bound to be mixed up with politics everywhere don't those who reject and those who accept Israel join U20 also have political effects that's it bro it's you who looks disheveled"
"world football federation fifa cancels the draw for the 2023 u20 world cup which should be held in Bali on the next 31 March. Watch in full only on Wednesday 29 March 2023 at 21.05 WIB."
"the Palestinian ambassador has no objection to Israel's presence in the u20 world cup... eeehhh the sotoy officials in Indonesia even pretend to be stupid and play refusing * separate political affairs from Olga you don't need to be too clingy pretend to reject CC identity politics"
"bye bye u20 world cup how come israel is still playing Indonesia? so spectators are back and if the senior team is banned at the asian cup which has worked hard to escape the impact is also crossed out hehe"
"Regarding Israel at the U20 World Cup if it can't be because of ""that" problem why not just reject it... from the start. There really wasn't a feasibility study first right from the start. The preparations have been all kinds of the promotions have been everywhere. the cost is not small wow now it's like this."
"Indonesia has many "smart people". Of course you can lobby FIFA so that the Israeli U20 team doesn't have to come to Indonesia."
"If you want to reject Israel reject it with all your might don't because of one or two voices then the dreams of young people playing in the U20 world cup are taken away"
the bull refused.. the caliphate cheered.. the u20 world cup was canceled because Israel rejected him he dared not sir
"uhhlah..it's probably party pressure usually before elections..disgusting.! isn't that Israeli athletes have never participated in international competitions in ind there have been several times anyway. and for this u20 initially there were also no problems.."
During the regional elections in DKI Ahok's survey results were the highest but because of the incident it was so bad that even with the GP his rejection of Israel resulted in Indonesia being canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup which would backfire.
FIFA is just a double standard Russia is banned/boycotted because of the Ukrainian war why is Israel a savage who likes to kill Palestinians why can't he take part in the U20 world cup.
"Why did Ganjar reject the U20 Israel National Team? Because PDIP refused why didn't Ganjar fight PDIP? What about the supporters who are disappointed? This time Ganjar's attitude is different from some of his supporters so what should the supporters do? Do you want to support Anies?"
- Invited to take a photo with friends from the Indonesian Consulate General in Marseille about 1 year ago while on assignment with the Maurice Revello Tournament U20 Team 2022 - There was a lot of talk about Israel's rejection at U20WC2023. a little comment ah.. [a little thread]
"If it's true that Peru has been appointed as a replacement for Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup fuck those who refuse to reject the Israeli national team people only play football even though. Moreover regional heads who are strong enough are suspected of only wanting social assistance ahead of the election."
oh no so I chose 2024 due to Israel's u20... golput again... kwkw
The debate shifted from the U20 World Cup to Palestine's independent status and Palestine's hub with Israel. Netizens of the Republic of Indonesia are indeed experts on all matters of the world and the hereafter.
even though Indonesian supporters could do this for Psywar in the U20 World Cup match when Israel competed
"Actually before the protests over Israel there had been a move to cancel the u20 in Indonesia since the kanjuruhan tragedy. Many were disappointed with the government because it was trying to cover up the case so that the u20 event went smoothly. Other countries also doubted our national capabilities"
"That's why Israel's team is weak can they qualify for U20. The problem is the referee"
"Don't be lobbied by FIFA let's raise the Palestinian flag &amp; reject the Israel U20 team and we are sanctioned by FIFA we give Palestine & Israel a chance to qualify for the cup let the Indonesian team play the FPI &amp; PDIP league and just be spectators &amp; sporters for Palestine & Israel "
as is the cause of the cancellation of the u20 world cup venue. the red plate buzzerrp cornered the opposition ranks that caused it. associated with anti-israel. even though it is clearly due to inadequate infrastructure.
"By rejecting Israel in the U20 World Cup don't choose rewards it's the same as the other side"
"Israel plays in the U20 World Cup Palestine plays in the Asian Cup Indonesia is banned"
fight hard against israel in u20 world cup!!
Israel passed the U20 World Cup so it has the right to take part wherever it is held. FIFA has its own rules which cannot be mixed with politics
never mind forget about the u20 world cup.... it's very difficult to hold a big event like the world cup in a country full of hypocrisy.... supported by an American puppet candidate who was caught by America Israel's henchman you stupid Israeli demonstrator..... hypocrite!
Boss time is tight...why didn't we negotiate earlier... Israel has been around for a long time we know we're in the U20 World Cup final
Like the PDI rejecting the U20 Israel National Team because they want to find a political stage because the PDI knows that most of the Indonesian people are religiously drunk as well as the governors of Central Java and Bali are part of the PDI members so it's like they were also ordered to refuse the arrival of the Israeli national team
mind israel playing in wc u20?
"Netijen's attention graph about Israel's unrest at the U20 World Cup has entered the stage of being fed up please come on! Prek Su !!"
Unclear stance Prof. How is it possible for FIFA to keep Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup without accepting Israel which has already qualified... even though Palestine itself has no problem with the participation of the Israeli team...
(thread) 17 important points in rejecting the arrival of the Israeli football team at the U-20 World Cup in Indonesia: 1). ideological and constitutional perspective that independence is the right of all nations so colonialism over the world must…
How do the opposing groups respond to the Palestinian ambassador who doesn't mind Israel playing at WC U20?
FIFA has its own rules. cannot be mixed with politics. Israel has passed the U20 world cup so you have to keep going. If you can't follow FIFA rules you don't need to hold a World Cup anymore.
"It's good that FIFA is banned Indonesia isn't worthy of U20 yet the people still don't accept Israel just take part in the Southeast Asia Cup forever if you can."
"banning israel at u20 won't solve the conflict between palestine and israel. palestine representatives accept what is ..israel's presence at u20. if he says? violates the constitution even though in our own country it often happens"
"Where is your voice when Israel U20 came to Indonesia colonialism what's more and loud protests are only looking for imagery where is your struggle for the establishment of churches worship is stopped is this not colonization by other people"
those who don't understand the preamble of the 45th constitution will not understand why we refused to allow Israel to participate in the u20 world cup which the Republic of Indonesia hosted
ahh that's just the wish of the elders Prof.
It's stupid it's not important for u20. reject the hell israel
the coordinating minister for PMK revealed that Indonesia is proposing special conditions regarding the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup
"Let's raise the Palestinian flag we will reject the Israel U20 team let's all be stupid together with Yemeni immigrants I thought we would reject the Israeli team Palestine would immediately become independent thanks to the actions of heroic heroes oversleep Israel immediately liberated Palestine"
"den since six months ago Israel has confirmed itself as a participant in the u20 world cup why are you suddenly refusing to approach the d-day as if you consider this country to have no plans and work programs"
"Dear Mr. President I request that Indonesia be able to maintain good relations with Israel so that there are no blockades in all fields be it sports or technology. It's a shame if Indonesia fails to host the U20 World Cup. It would be better for Indonesia to think more broadly"
"live now live react to the vi commission meeting of the DPR this afternoon regarding KRL together if we get mental we move on to other topics such as the U20 World Cup being threatened with cancellation demonstrations in Israel and many more !! :"
wonder why those who refused didn't koar2x when the israel national team qualified for the u20 world cup in june last year? don't you have time to find a solution? now just in panic facing FIFA sanctions &amp; bad image!
i can't stop reading the tweets about wc u20 the issue of rejecting israel.. let them in.. they just want to play football
"bin the police and military were immediately chained as soon as the israel u20 team arrived in indonesia. and the common people in the city where the israel team was playing football no need to ask anymore. all of them were in a daze. the country was suddenly paralyzed because of ... "
"It's like sir if you ask Israel to recognize Palestine's full sovereignty imagine a country that was already established before Indonesia became independent until now it hasn't been fully recognized by the United Nations because of the actions of Israel & the USA. Instead of us the children of the country are noisy about the U20 World Cup You don't have to be the host!"
"When the demonstration was like that the Palestinian ambassador came and gave a speech stating that the U20 World Cup was still going on and Israel was still participating.... how would the reaction be. If yesterday someone said the Palestinian ambassador was an accomplice to the regime"
"Agreed sir as long as Israel is playing in the U20 World Cup then Indonesia must reject !!! Bung Karno's statement as the first president and all the founding figures of this nation we must protect until Palestine is recognized by Israel and the world becomes an independent country"
u20 is allergic to cats. no need israel is a crime state damn haram jedah go to hell
now palestine is free thanks to the late heroes for the heroic action of the israel u20 team. With this Palestine is now independent and Indonesia is the best organizer of international sporting events
"Yes bro it's better to support those who don't reject Israel's participation in the 2023 U20 World Cup."
"Israel is an independent country how come it refuses an independent country to play in Indonesia even though it passed the qualification for the U20 World Cup. Palestinian supporters who don't understand history itself..."
"How is this?? The Israeli flag is flying nasir avoids not being there why is he involved in the u20 cup?"
there should be an opportunity to support the opposing team competing in the u20 israel while carrying the palestine flag or banners criticizing the israel government.. ahh never mind
take the voices of the volumes of volumes.. there are more ways to hurt the heart than to refuse. because israel didn't become the u20 world cup for israel to be..
"Hopefully the U20 World Cup will continue in Indonesia without Israel and Indonesia will not be sanctioned. People support!!!"
If the government is unable to provide security for the safety of the Israeli national team and is afraid of Islamic organizations and PDI-P who reject the arrival of the Israeli national team it would be best to announce that they are resigning to host the U20 World Cup so that football fans will judge that you are the killers of Indonesian football.
"Before Mr. Prabowo met Erick Thohir everything was cool. After the two of them met the U20 World Cup it became a scene for PDIP to reject Israel. There was a sign of fear of losing to PDIP. Does anyone think like this?"
but sorry sir..how come this discourse on Israel's rejection was not echoed first in July 2022 when Israel passed the u20 world cup..how come now that the people are in the midst of euphoria welcoming the world cup in Indonesia..&amp; all preparations have reached almost %..
Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup could possibly be for security reasons... according to the '45 Constitution Indonesia rejects colonization of the earth. plus the majority are muslim.
"If and still insist on holding the U20 World Cup by bringing in the Israeli national team then the DPP KPI will exert force throughout the region to reject the Israeli national team at the U20 world cup. Let's keep Bung Karno's message and also the founders of this nation."
"The U20 World Cup was rejected in Bali but this was held in Bali and there is Israel participating in this event so what do you do why is it confusing? Want to ask everyone is there something wrong in refusing or did you choose"" sporting events? If you get banned you can't imagine being unemployed"
"It's a shame it's already what banned Israel it's still better for you to be given the opportunity to host the U20 World Cup if you don't host it until the end of the world you will never see the national team play in the world cup at any age"
"The principle is complicated just because Israel is in U20 it is rejected sports let's leave it like that don't mix it up with politics refuse to refuse when can Indonesia progress hobby problems become complicated"
there is no effect refusing israel to play in the u20 world cup
If that's the case why did you allow PSSI to bid for the U20 FIFA World Cup sir? there are only reasons for our politicians and officials.. Israel has passed according to the mechanism and has the right to be a participant in the world cup last year the ramen is only now approaching the implementation
Israel became a participant in the 2023 U20 World Cup because it was the runner up for the 2022 U19 Europe on July 7 2022. Why is the fuss only now?? Strange...
those who hope for an Israeli boycott and hope that Indonesia will be banned from FIFA... indeed your mentality and insight only reaches the Tarkam League... that's the benchmark...!
"Tel Aviv the capital city of Israel is in the middle of a demonstration and chaos following the dismissal of the minister of defense by PM Benjamin Netanyahu. Here this country is also a hot topic of polemic over participation in the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia which is now being announced as cancelled."
"Imagine Indonesia being banned by FIFA and Palestine can't help anything. Palestine can still join the Asian Cup Israel is the U20 World Cup Indonesia is still a clown because of the mindset that "throws up" instead of filtering smartly."
because sports and politicization need to be separated. Israel's aggression or politics against Palestine is not a matter of religion. if the Indonesian national team excels in this u20 event both the achievements of the organization and the achievements of the u20 national team:
"This is not the government's choice in this case PSSI FIFA also cannot fail Israel as a participant in the U20 World Cup."
"MUI rejects the presence of the Israeli U20 National Team because of the constitution. Churches are closed minorities are persecuted etc. etc. MUI doesn't talk about the constitution"
"banned by fifa because of the concert at GBK banned by fifa because of banning Israel from traveling to Indonesia how are the buzzer accounts that created the narration of the thread?"
Politics should not be mixed up with sportsmanship sir.. the Palestinian ambassador also encouraged Indonesia to accept the Israeli team competing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. how come it's not in the right place?
"Ym the Palestinian ambassador did not reject the presence of the U20 Israeli national team do you dare to expel the ambassador???"
"Israel's demonstration of rejection existed before FIFA conducted field verification after field verification the virtual world was excited by the cancellation of the U20 World Cup draw which was reversed by FIFA and the story spread all over Konoha"
"It's better to support because you don't reject Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
If all the countries don't want to participate because Israel is refused to come what is the dream of the U20 national team which already dreams of being able to compete in the world cup?
"The Republic of Indonesia is on the verge of canceling its hosting of the U20 World Cup due to officials refusing the Israeli team's arrival. Meanwhile in Israel there are protests and riots because their legal system wants to be messed up by PM. Because of government officials these two countries are both in trouble internally."
regarding the rejection of the presence and participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup
Erick Thohir will Otw Switzerland to lobby FIFA regarding Israel's polemic at the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup
"fifa - wc u20 - israel - indonesia a very complex problem between continuing to hold wc u20 with Israeli polemics or rejecting israel at wc u20 coming to Indonesia then Indonesian football dies"
Until Bung Karno died Palestine still lost its land to Israel..... What is the Israeli U20 football team afraid of? fool maintained
"Basically he said the 45th Constitution. Israel is an colonial country. The problem is that other countries participating in the U20 World Cup are sending their military to other countries for war not only Israel. But there are Saudi Arabia America Turkey. Why only Israel?"
"Haha... once the Israeli national team has ensured that they qualify for the U20 World Cup people are already busy discussing this issue PSSI should also be aware of this Israeli problem because there will be several groups that refuse and PSSI should communicate with the government about this "
"Reject Israel OK? Don't be in a hurry if you can all Israeli products circulating in Indonesia are rejected it has more impact on Israel than refusing the U20 national team to play here"
The problem is Israel U20 won Euro 2021 of course it didn't qualify
"reject israél u20 cukong"" leave nkri and wakanda civil war beginning ukraine just stop importing wheat wakandan people panic eat indomie or don't pay for boarding house"
"Disappointed Mr. Ganjar rejected Israel even though the U20 Cup is good for the dreams of the nation's children they only come to play football not to fight even though at first they really fancied you and hoped to be the next president but it's gone"
I am satisfied that Mr. Israel and all the participants in the u20 did not go to Indonesia. thank the people of Jateng
"Why did I say PSSI was wrong! Because since yesterday they didn't do anything there was no communication with the government as soon as they knew Israel had qualified for the U20 World Cup which would be played in Indonesia it's strange that ordinary people know Israel has passed and will play in Indonesia when people in Federation doesn't know
Did those parties make a blunder by supporting the rejection of the U20 Israel national team to Indonesia.
"There is a possibility that there will be a co-host for the U20 World Cup. If Israel qualify for the final it means we will only watch on tipi."
In my opinion Israel's match at the U20 World Cup will be held in a neighboring country. win win solution
finally because of the ego of the officials and kadrun who refused israel to play. Indonesia's position as host of the U20 World Cup is in danger of being cancelled. defending other people's countries to the detriment of their own nation's children. Even though Israel has passed the U-20 World Cup in 2022 how come it's just so noisy now? thanks for nothing
Israeli polemic at the 2023 U-20 World Cup: Indonesia is in danger of losing host status?
"Those who rejected Israel in the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup from political parties mass organizations to governors."
Actually Israel's constraints or constraints on the readiness of the venue for the U20 World Cup?
"Did you fuck with Israel from the U20 World Cup Palestine will be free? And doesn't Indonesia lose as a result of all this banned by FIFA dogs jobs lost unemployment has increased but you know if you really want to help you fly sono to Palestine"
"Piye Ms. Nit Carane. For the reason that she obeys the constitution she still rejects the Israeli national team then she wants to lobby for the U20 World Cup to stay in Indonesia. When football obeys the constitution but... right now they are forgetting to obey the constitution."
This is a row of sanctions for Indonesia if it cancels the 2023 U20 World Cup due to the issue of Israel's rejection
Still refusing Israel to play the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"If you play football you will play football. The boycott of the Israeli national team is too political for just the u20 world cup the children still don't know anything. I hope it will be canceled in the title in Indonesia."
"I have a simple question for all the supporters do you think you will be disappointed if Indonesia cancels hosting the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because of Israel please answer honestly if asked they will definitely be happy"
"Just imagine that the people who reject Israel when they lobby Mr. Erick to FIFA for example ((fail)) someone will definitely shout ""Indonesia is being tyrannized by FIFA"" even though those who reject Israel are already tyrannical towards all the components involved in preparing for the world cup u20."
"I'm surprised at the very footballer the u20 world cup means so much that he went berserk when it was canceled because of the uud 45 mandate which indirectly refused Israel to come. I also like watching football but when someone clashes with uud what can we do. We should be proud if hold fast"
"I'm seriously confused reading this news. The government for reasons of obeying the constitution still rejects the Israeli national team and ET Zurich will lobby FIFA so that the U20 World Cup can be held in Indonesia. Wow! !"
"If you are a man and a football fan you will surely be disappointed because Indonesia was canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup just because of Israel's participation try to answer honestly. It's a different story if you're a sissy I'm sure you'll be happy not to be the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
"yep the right to host should have been revoked and banned since the food advisory doesn't need to use the Israeli issue to reject the u20 world cup because justice for 135+ victims the recommendation is getting dimmer enough to be a reason to be banned"
"Those who accept Israel take part in the U20 World Cup the number is greater. The U20 World Cup must remain in Indonesia...!"
"I was just at a loss where have I been since yesterday? Even though when I found out that Israel had qualified for the U20 World Cup people were already busy discussing it how come the people at PSSI are not aware of things like this but I'm not surprised if you're not stupid it's not PSSI! "
alhamdulillah because kadrun Indonesia's position as host of the U20 world cup has become chaotic. - Kadrun humiliated - the uproar did not make Palestine independent. - Israel will still compete. - Indonesia becomes a spectator while biting its fingers - the party becomes a political clown. way back into the desert
you know that next year's election there will be a lot of drama &amp; Regarding Israel Dipildun U20 this is just the beginning I hope there is a good solution I'm sorry I've been preparing for a long time but it failed
"You thought bin the police and the military suddenly disappeared from this country when the Israeli U20 team came to play? Outraged by rats why did you burn the rice barns in your village? How stupid are you to keep them bro?"
"true bro israel has already qualified for wc u20 from the middle of last year and now wants to be near the new koar event"""
So at the time of the nomination didn't you think that Israel was a FIFA member too? and when everything was already set Indonesia was appointed as the host of the u20 wc and there was a rejection. that would be detrimental to everyone..!!! especially Indonesian football and negative stigma from outsiders
"I was given the turn to host ""pildun"" u20 ended up not happening because of the Israeli national team this country is so holy huu"
"There are a lot of wants Qatar has a lot of wants it's clear. It's just banning the campaign for LGBT and alcohol in stadiums. Not rejecting the German Belgian or Wales national teams. This is rejecting the national teams that have qualified. Invest in U20 because the host wants a lot. It's clear what you're messing with israel the golden child of us"
"-the Israeli national team will play in the U20 world cup later surely there will be rejection from some quarters what's the solution? If from the start PSSI did this it seems like there won't be any problems like now because they've solved the problem at the beginning"
"It's Israel's turn at the U20 World Cup to talk about the Constitution even though the implementation of the 5th precepts of Pancasila is still far from enough."
"Because the GP supports the PDIP stantmen about rejecting the Israeli U20 national team and mixing sports with politics I have doubts about it"
wkwkwk it's just that because of rejecting Israel u20 doesn't become a pildun house~ hahahah it's sad but yeah feel it
thank israel u20 playing won't die either
"If Indonesia fails to host the U20 World Cup maybe this will be Indonesia's dark history in terms of football is it because Israel is playing in our country that our sense of care for Palestine is lost? Is it because Israel is playing in Indonesia that our faith as a Muslim fades? "
"Israel is also an official country and is recognized by the world. Regardless of whether it is recognized by Indonesia or not that's another matter. And regarding you 20 when the nomination for the WC U20 host no one refused. Do you think that Israel is also a contestant and member of FIFA? ."
In my heart those who support the U20 World Cup in Indonesia or join the Islamic party &amp; Islamic organizations to reject Israel? fifa seaeun
In conclusion the rejection of the Israeli national team for the U20 World Cup is an arena for political maneuvers by various figures/groups under the pretext of religion? then where is erick thohir &amp; zainudin amali as sing due hajat how come do ra knock
"Thinking constitutionally we still have limits to/establish relations with Israel according to the constitution. If the U20 World Cup is held in India it could be a serious threat because foreign & local terrorists will get fresh air for jihad actions. Attacks on Israel could arise. It's been a political year."
"fifa cancels the draw in Bali Arya Sinulingga: it is impossible to do it without all the FIFA U20 World Cup participants deciding to cancel the drawing in Bali after the Israeli national team's rejection of the U20 World Cup emerged."
even though Israel doesn't have to be denied playing in the Indonesian U20 World Cup. but use it as an opportunity to convey moral messages when they compete through banners or coreo which will surely reach the media there to open the eyes of their nation that colonialism in the world must be abolished.
If I think it's simple even though our country doesn't have diplomatic relations with Israel the presence of the Israeli U20 team shouldn't be denied let the sports world run by its rules
"Especially the U20 National Team which has practiced morning afternoon and evening praying every day for its goals of competing in the World Cup forced to bury their aspirations people who cannot distinguish between politics and sports. If you want jihad beat Israel on the gridiron. Much more dear."
"If it has been appointed yes of course it is indeed a consequence for those of us who reject the Israeli U-20 team. FIFA is said to have appointed Peru to replace Indonesia to host the 2023 U-20 World Cup"
it turns out that it wasn't because anti israel canceled the u20 world cup. but due to the lack of ready infrastructure for venues. buzzerrp fry blaming Muslims for rejecting the u20 world cup. can you guess whose buzzer it is.. poke
"diplomatic relations no but regarding the issue of Israel being refused to play at U20 don't be like that sometimes the officials who refuse are stupid they are here to play football not to kick people to pray really"
"If you still insist on celebrating the U20 World Cup in Indonesia... it means you have to win against Israel if you lose Indonesians must submit to Israel and allow them to visit and stay just like foreigners from China if they win ask them to free Palestine (why become political) "
"Don't blame each other for the cancellation of the U20 it's already a constitutional decision. If we boycott Israel Soekarno is even tougher. Bali is already conducive with tourism don't let this cause another Bali bombing. This year is prone to entering the election period Poor Jokowi"
"I'm sorry for the president who is cornered in a dilemma because Indonesia will host Israel at the FIFA World Cup U20. Jokowi was gored by a group of bulls who had been guarding him also rammed by a group of camels which had been making noise all this time"
"CNN is cool as a pro-Western media. News about U20 is raised (the intention is to corner but instead make the Republic of Indonesia respected by Israel) while news about the Uyghurs is also uploaded (raising awareness of Muslim ukhuwah)"
"Israel has qualified since 2022 but they are making a fuss now. If it is consistent with Bung Karno's mandate & the constitution Indonesia should never have participated in the bidding to host the U20 World Cup."
"Keep up the spirit Mr. Erick the FIFA lobby is to keep holding the World Cup without Israel... if FIFA has a double standard and doesn't want to cross Israel out then I have told them to play the U20 World Cup in Antarctica so that they will be caught in a storm they will be U35 when they go home…"
"I'm sorry for the president who is cornered in a dilemma because Indonesia will host Israel at the FIFA World Cup U20. Jokowi was gored by a group of bulls who had been guarding him also rammed by a group of camels that had been his opponents."
"All efforts were made for the sake of holding the FIFA U20 World Cup Indonesia 2023. Plt. Menpora Muhadjir said that Indonesia had put forward special conditions so that Israel could compete however FIFA refused. Now the general chairman of PSSI will fly to FIFA headquarters in Switzerland."
"I just understand now. Since the emergence of the issue of Israel's refusal the issue of moving hosts has continued. It turns out that there has been no promotion for the U20 World Cup so far. What do you think is going on?"
I Wayan Koster was heavily blasphemed for rejecting the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup
"modarrr Indonesia's hosting of WCU20 is in danger of being canceled due to the stupid mindset of people who reject the Israeli U20 National Team they are athletes not soldiers don't bring religion and politics into sports stupid blocks"
the u20 world football event where the israel u20 team participated in qualifying for the u20 world cup was held in indonesia the governors of bali and central java who came from pdip strongly rejected the israel team's presence. We Indonesian people support President Jokowi.
"no need to bring up the Israeli issue to reject the u20 world cup because we have our own problems that have not been resolved and are reluctant to be resolved justice for the 135+ lives lost is getting dimmer then we are asked to forget about it because there must be a party to be welcomed"
maybe sir think fifa can just cross out sj israel from its participation in the u20 world cup. Israel is the runner-up from the European zone... how can FIFA directly cross Israel out? can protest strongly uefa and israelnya...
"According to the latest information the U20 World Cup will not be held in Indonesia because the infrastructure of the 6 stadiums appointed by FIFA does not meet the readiness requirements Israel's refusal to participate is just a transfer of issues. Is that true bro?"
thank goodness that's the result of your grudges for rejecting the israel team from coming to participate in the u20 trophy to feel moved to Peru you are stupid you sports are mixed with basic politics people are too vengeful.
it's smart and elegant. big events are used for humanitarian campaigns in an elegant way. the u20 world cup in jakarta should be able to imitate this. Try to get to the PSSI lobby against the Israeli team's opponents. everybody happy
"I just want to play football even though... they pretend to refuse Indonesia can be banned by FIFA moving host Israel to join the U20 world cup... It's useless."
The news about Israel being rejected is bigger news than the unpreparedness of the U20 World Cup venue. Of the 10 match venues only four have been verified by FIFA. just relate to religious tendencies..
"Sir according to you the rejection of the U20 Israel National Team is right or wrong? Because in our opinion sports people cannot be mixed up with politics even the Palestinian ambassador doesn't mind. I apologize in advance if there are words that are not pleasing."
Indonesia rejects the Israeli national team because the defense of Palestine is canceled to host PSSI banned by FIFA at all international events. The Israeli national team and the Palestinian national team continue to compete in all international events. Indonesia is just a spectator on TV!
"boycott Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup because there is Israel which colonizes Palestine and there is Indonesia which still colonizes the land of Papua (otsus otsus bulshit) and most recently there is an illogical law against the killing of 135+ supporters in Indonesia."
Wayan has lost his mind... logically if that's the government's attitude what if the government is fighting tooth and nail through PSSI so that it can host the U20 World Cup... what's more the government is disbursing Rp. 600 billion &amp; Why don't you send a letter of rejection for the Israel U20 National Team to the Menpora (government)
it's good for Indonesia it's a pity for Indonesia haha it can't overcome the Israeli u20 pusher even though it's a primitive brain &amp; ancient that makes Indonesia undeveloped e
"Sir I apologize in advance regarding the Israel U20 national team shouldn't politics and sports be mixed up even the Palestinian ambassador won't have a problem. I apologize in advance sir regarding these different views. Thank you and always be healthy."
Israel's obstacle to qualifying for the U20 World Cup is that it doesn't become a stupid host
"For the passers-by a priori with the Jokowi program they will definitely be tackled in any way possible. The failure of the U20 World Cup in 2023 is clear as a result of their group's friedy the Olympics also present Israeli athletes."
If Indonesia is banned by FIFA the impact will be: 1. The host at U20 is moved 2. Israel is still playing in the world cup. 3. Palestine continues to play in the world cup. 4. thousands of players from clubs in league 1 were affected. 5. Those who refuse say the mission is a success
This sanction applies to canceling the FIFA U20 World Cup Indonesia's 2023 host in my opinion it's up to Indonesia to continue or not has nothing to do with Israel's rejection
"In fact on the contrary those who have power don't voice recommendations should be ashamed to voice the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team that's just not fair enough"
"Actually PSSI neglected to prepare anticipations about which countries might qualify for the WC-U20 finals and FIFA is also in doubt Russia is prohibited from participating in the qualification because of the invasion of Ukraine SMTR Israel is free to participate in the qualification even though it has invaded Palestine for several years."
I voted for Pak for the 2024 presidential election because I didn't vote for the U20 World Cup I didn't want to vote for Pak because I voted for the FIFA &amp; israel &amp;amrik are role models in nkri
israel at the u20 world cup: the nation must finish what they have started
Pak Ganjar LGSG refused on the grounds that he wanted to be in tune with Bung Karno. On the other hand Palestine through its ambassador has no problem with Israel's presence in Indonesia. Then what is the urgency Mr. Ganjar refuses &amp; interfere in the implementation of the u20 world cup?
"The Acting Menpora revealed that the government has submitted a number of preconditions to FIFA regarding Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup but there is no meeting point. Hope remains with Erick Thorhir. Who put forward the government's requirements but still gets the blame."
it's your turn before your eyes want a new drawing koar koar don't let this country exist it's been months and even years since the U20 World Cup will be in Indonesia. It's Israel's turn to shout at the politicians. Do you speak out to get the people's attention do you want an election?
"If you're not ready to be the host you don't have to submit instead of being embarrassed to embarrass the Israelis into qualifying for the U20 World Cup it's been since June last year but it's only now being discussed don't you think?"
"There is no reason for FIFA to cancel the U20 world cup in Indonesia the world cup without Russia can also be rewarded by Spartans supporting the U20 world cup without the Israeli national team"
"Your reason is.. well. Before you were too smart to accept Israel in U20. You used to use data when you talked. Well now you suddenly refuse because of security reasons. You are already similar now k"
I am surprised that those who refused the presence of the Israeli U20 national team to come to Indonesia were the PDIP party and cadres. who ruled Pak Pak Jokowi as a PDIP cadre. Don't let something happen between Pak Jokowi and PDIP it could be a matter of the 2024 candidates
it's not about the Palestinian ambassador but Indonesia has always vehemently rejected Israel. but it's a shame if the u20 world cup match is cancelled
the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup received rejection from a number of figures and institutions in indonesia.
"Israel's rejection makes more sense because it was clearly rejected by the governor of Bali one of the U20 world cup venues."
"Regarding the cancellation of the FIFA World Cup U20 and its move to Peru those of us who love this country and football can carry out street protests against people who reject Israel? We support football not Israel because football is not politics"
"If Indonesia is banned by FIFA for rejecting Israel U20: 1. Palestine continues to play in the Asian Cup 2. Israel U20 continues to play in the World Cup 3. Palestine continues to be colonized by Israel 4. Indonesia remains primitive and of course Palestinians or Israelis don't care Indonesia PSSI is falling
PDIP has never officially stated that PDIP rejected the Israeli U20 team... how can GP say it is committed to Soekarno...
because of the boycott of Israel playing in the u20 world cup. Indonesia threatened to fail to become the host. ah sometimes this country is always filled with unexpected funny people.
wow it turns out that the drama of Israel's rejection is just covering up the issue that all the venues for the FIFA World Cup U20 are not ready yet.
"Thank God Israel didn't go to Indonesia how come all the countries didn't end up dying anyway it's so stupid not to play the U20 World Cup"
"FIFA U20 Bali was canceled because the 2024 presidential candidate was too fanatical because the country of Israel was participating in the competition..O officials where your faith has been controlled by the devil don't let God be angry with the province you are currently leading even your family. Israel is the country chosen by God Jesus."
"Please sir entrust the little people who depend on the economy for their lives from football in Indonesia because of the governor's rejection of Israel in the U20 word cup Indonesia will soon be ready to bear sanctions from FIFA Satisfied Central Java Governor - bali -pdi p -prosperous pks"
wow it turns out that the drama of Israel's rejection is just covering up the issue that all the venues for the FIFA World Cup U20 are not ready yet.
A true statesman would definitely reject Israel joining U20 just as Soekarno had previously rejected it. Those who pretend to be democratic by accepting it are doubtful about their national spirit. don't look at this case from a religious point of view but look at it from a humanitarian point of view. israel is a terrorist state that slaughters mankind
Israel fought from nothing to reach the u20 final in Indonesia. FIFA is the highest organization in world football. Is it true that FIFA whose Qibla direction is to the west will choose Indonesia over Israel? no need to dream sir sir
"Fate your fate when you put politics and sports in one chair. If Bung Karno and Gus Dur were still alive they would not mind the Israeli U20 team coming and competing in Indonesia."
"In my opinion even if FIFA cancels Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup it is more because of the inadequate infrastructure the issue of Israel's rejection is just an excuse because the issue of Israel's rejection has only appeared recently"
"Whereas if the CRDs could imitate Qatar St Pildun they campaigned for Palestinian independence by raising the Palestinian flag & silently interviewing Israeli journalists we as hosts can certainly do the same thing but those who reject the alibi ""Soekarno's will"" we have mature."
sad sir...you rejected the israel team..are you drunk kissing..pildun u20 if you fail you are responsible sir..
"When Indonesia was appointed as the host for the U20 World Cup there was no protest. But when the stadiums were renovated to make it suitable everyone just shouted refusal. Even though the arrival of the Israeli national team can be used as a way to support Palestine. Just raise the Palestinian flag in stadiums and on the streets."
The PD-U20 has been moved to Peru. The refusal due to Israel's participation has sent a message to FIFA that Indonesia is not fit to be the host and this will probably be followed by BWF and other international sports organizations. in the current era we still apply discriminatory principles.
"well that can't be the case either we don't know that the Israeli national team apparently can qualify for the u20 election &amp; if they don't qualify there won't be any drama like now right now let's just let them play there are lots of safe ways for them to win"
"1. at the same time reject the presence of countries that support Israel...which have bilateral relations between Israel and the state"" supporters participating in u20... so how many countries are left participating in u20...hahhahahaseum..."
win against israel Israel qualified for the world cup because it won against the U20 boss France wow
spartan rewards support u20 world cup without israel national team
"Russia was banned because of the rejection of several world cup participants such as England Wales Poland USA. Now are there U20 world cup participants who refuse to compete against Israel.."
Did you support the U20 World Cup so that it runs smoothly and safely the same as defending Israel? your logic is very shallow
why isn't anyone complaining &amp; yesterday's demonstration at the Dpn Dpr rejected Israel.. how come the PDIP GP was attacked try to be a little wise in dealing with this problem my prayer for u20 is to keep walking in Indonesia without blaming each other right?
"It's the same as Palestinian supporters who refuse Israel to take part in the U20 Cup in Indonesia how come you don't force the Indonesian government to take a stand against Russia? Isn't it the same as colonialism? Why is Israel only? Are you a double standard? Wow"
"As an ordinary citizen I am very disappointed with Mr. GP's irrational attitude in differentiating politics & football especially the U20 Israel National Team at WC U20. Pak Jokowi's efforts at WC U20 were in vain because the GP &amp; his party. I'm sorry I withdrew support for the GP at 2024 presidential election."
"reject the Israeli u20 national team as long as they are still colonizing Palestine"
Already. They also refused to allow Israel to play at U20 because Soekarno had refused to allow Israel to play at the 1962 Asean Games. Moreover the PDIP is Bung Karno's grandson.
"The governor of Bali has joined in rejecting the U20 Israeli football club what do you mean? The Bali area has a tolerant population? Seek sympathy for radical Islamic organizations? If you make a decision think carefully beforehand. The impact will be broad."
mute when israel colonists participate in the u20 world cup. Muslim??
it is still clear that the compartmentalized country of Wakanda is still visible. Some people support the U20 World Cup to be held = support Israel = don't like Palestine.
"Sorry bro your brain is stupid too this is about the sport of football instead of diverting the problem between Israel and Palestine !! Letting the U20 World Cup take place where Israel plays because it passes through qualification doesn't mean supporting Israel !!"
"Because at the time of the World Cup the participants refused to compete against Russia like England Wales Poland. Now there are participants in the U20 World Cup who have refused not to fight Israel right?
"Ganjar defended Palestine he supported the PDIP stantmen regarding refusing the Israeli U20 national team to play in Indonesia if FIFA was banned from Indonesia imagine bro hundreds of thousands of people who will lose their livelihood from the world of Indonesian football are they healthy"
keep refusing Israel to play the U20 World Cup in Indonesia like Russia
"Why don't you use smart methods. Every Israel plays it's full in the stadium. Bring banners sing etc. related to Free Palestine f*ck Israel etc. for them to be unfocused which results in losing and failing. So there is nothing to lose except Israel. already good fifa u20 still want to continue after the recommendation"
"I'm sorry Mr. Ganjar are you ready to take responsibility if you initially refused Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup and in the end it was canceled in the title in Indonesia? Dirantos is not responsible sir if the title is indeed canceled in Indonesia"
read the government lobbying fifa about the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup
just saw the idiot's comment earlier... he said the PSSI management was lobbying the FIFA lobby so that Israel was not included and the U20 World Cup was still being held... this person is really stupid
oh it's a pity that this guy's brain is completely empty. When did the government issue a statement rejecting the presence of the Israeli U20 team to compete in Indonesia?
"The Republic of Indonesia offered to host the U20 ball &amp; FIFA agreed. This is FIFA's event the place is in RI. So all the rules refer to FIFA. Palestinian Ambassador: It doesn't matter Israel is playing in RI. In fact Argentina has volunteered as RI's replacement. KLU has like this I hope that the football of the republic of Indonesia will not be ostracized by the world"
"The Indonesian government is not committed. It's appropriate for FIFA to move the host for the U20 World Cup. As a host you have to accept whoever the team will be playing. Since the beginning you already know Israel is participating in the qualifiers & has the opportunity to pass. Why do you still take the host & why not make steps to face rejection. pretend to be blind &amp; pretend to be deaf"
government: Kemenpora and PSSI are not firm on the issue of Israel. should make a statement guaranteeing the safety of all teams including Israel in this u20 world cup event..
"The U20 Indonesian football team must be very disappointed if this is true. You can participate because of the host now that dream has been taken away by irresponsible politicians!!! Mr GP you just killed their dreams"
It turns out that we have already discussed how Israel is playing in Indonesia from June 2022! why is it only now getting crowded... the context we discussed at that time is because Italy is also one of the European representatives for this year's U20 world cup.
What is wrong with the law in Indonesia is not the U20 national team which only wants to play in the world cup. their dreams were dashed because of a number of people who refused Israel to come. With Indonesia being banned from FIFA it is possible that in tens of years Indonesian football will only be able to rise again.
"There should be an imager with a narrative like this. Please Israel can play in the U20 World Cup this year the conditions are easy to bring back to Indonesia Harun Masiku Sjamsul Nursalim Izil Azhar Samin Tan Hiendra Soenjoto."
"So Israel passes to U20 or U29"
if Indonesia cancels the u20 world cup title and gets banned by fifa. 1. the Israeli national team can still compete in international events 2. the Palestinian national team can still compete in international events 3. Israeli supporters can still be happy to see the national team play
Even though Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup since June 2022. Why is it only crowded now?
the funny thing is there will be chaos and sleeping terrorist cells that will wake up if Israel takes part in the u20 world cup.. it's really funny.. they dwarf the ability of the police and military.. if it's safe it's a bicycle racing athlete
"The Israeli national team's rejection of the U20 World Cup is in danger of failing. Has Pak Jokowi made a statement? Just wait that should be it."
"Young U20 soccer players from Israel who will be present in Indonesia are absolute rules at the invitation of Indonesia the mission of playing football is not to seek self-sufficiency or to get a ride on a meal like Yemeni Arabs who live comfortably!! -"
"1. Israel's U20 National Team can still enter Indonesia even though there are no diplomatic relations. 2. Republic of Indonesia is still a good host in the U20 World Cup tournament. Prof.
even though the Palestinian embassy only invited Israel to join WC U20.
times of highlights the cancellation of the 2023 u20 world cup group stage draw
rejecting the israel u20 national team is just a camouflage to cover up the failure to provide infrastructure for the u20 world cup..
"Your brain is narrow. The advantage of organizing the U20 World Cup is not only the participation of the Indonesian team but tourism promotion image & reputation business opportunities. What's the deal with sovereignty? Even the Palestinian ambassador understands. Why doesn't Israeli athletes come to other sports?"
"As a result of the participants being rejected (Israel) the U20 World Cup will continue in Indo?"
"Wakanda's problem: 1. There is still Covid19 - Opening is prohibited 2. The work copyright law - I don't want a large-scale demonstration 4. Corruptors - 300 billion and ain 5. The U20 World Cup is not happening - Israel vs Everyone Wow aren't you tired brain or heart?"
"It's a shame that right-wing politicians and netijens are acting out of place even though the Palestinian ambassador doesn't have a problem with Israel competing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Are they acting normal?"
list of parties who firmly rejected the israel national team at the indonesian u20 world cup
"Last year when Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup you will be sure that there will be big problems for the hosts. It's a waste of your training camp to look for players of descent to Europe our football is still a flower for politicians so don't expect it to advance but Spain can progress with political intrigue
His response is maniezzzzzz... ?
"You can support Palestine but remember don't harm our own nation the Israeli national team fairly participates in the qualification to be able to appear in the U20 &amp; qualify (not qualify for free) then suddenly "" we refuse to try to reverse it our national team is treated like that?
"world cup u20| simalakama gegara israel fifa cancels indonesia as host and appoints peru as replacement"
want the u20 world cup to stay in indonesia doesn't mean pro israel tong...!
Plt Menpora Muhadjir Effendi called the government through PSSI lobbying FIFA regarding the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup which was held in Indonesia
"If it's really cancelled Indonesia will definitely be banned Israel can still play in the U20 World Cup and Palestine can also play in the Asian Cup while Indonesia? ikeh ikeh kimochi"
"I don't think it's a problem with the stadium venue either it's more the people of Wakanda who reject the presence of the Israeli national team at WC U20 if the administrators are allowed there are still many who oppose the existence of the players/from the Israeli national team from the people of Wakanda"
"Indo football is really funny the plot twist is unexpected PSSI is threatened with being frozen by FIFA not because of a probationary case but because Israel passed to U20... God's punishment really works in mysterious ways xd"
"Isn't that the right way to support the independence of the Palestinian people over Israeli occupation by shouting"" Rejecting the U20 Israel Football National Team to compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia but behind all that there are personal political interests that are roaring "" for the election in the Republic of Indonesia 2024. "
the president has lobbied desperately for fifa not to be banned and the u20 world cup is still taking place in indonesia and the government has never issued a statement on the israel issue but suddenly someone stabbed him in the back so he was still talking about defending p jokowi
"Fasting like this is really annoying to see the news of the U20 world cup it's always concerned with politics. Don't think about the future it ends up being banned. Israel continues to play Indonesia it's miserable"
"Bali Ja provincial government which is predominantly Hindu rejects the Israeli team in the World Cup but the majority of Muslims don't do the same"
polemic of the rejection of the israel national team in the u20 world cup -a thread-
"governor of bali rejects israel as a country participant in the 2023 u20 world cup world beach games will still be held"
"When G20 was in Bali Israel was there. Why are those who are now refusing Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup Podo Mingkem? And G20 was also successful there were no riots or even bombs... just go crazy with their mindset and worries"
commanded hard work to lobby so that Indonesia will continue to host the 2023 U20 World Cup. then it succeeded in hitting those who had rejected Israel but if it failed those who rejected Israel must apologize to all masses of the Indonesian people.
if there was no cxvid: 1. the u20 world cup will be held in 2021 2. israel will most likely not play in the u20 world cup because it did not qualify and the squad is different 3. 2021 is still far from a political year 4. no politicians are capers 5. world cup u20 is well organized
"I care more about distant relatives than brothers and sisters in the motherland? It's really sad I'm sure the Palestinian people also don't want Indonesia to be disadvantaged because they oppose the arrival of Israeli players to the U20 World Cup."
"I'm sorry to ask sir where did you see your statement against Israel sir? Why did you join in like the others? Lost respect for you because of your blunders the effect was damaging. It's embarrassing to see politicians like you"
"The FIFA-U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia. Yes that's true every time you make a decision you have to be willing to take a risk. However it seems like yesterday there were many who supported not allowing Israel to enter Indonesia for the sake of humanity and some really feel that this is according to the constitution."
The news is that Israel has passed the U20 on June 26 2022 so it will automatically compete in Indonesia. If the rejection is ahead of the D-Day keep going... all the infras and other preparations have definitely been prepared by the committee for the big celebration. maybe it's different if the rejection was 9 months ago...
"It's as if many regional officials have issued a statement refusing Israel to take part in the U20 WC and it seems that FIFA feels that the World Cup in Indonesia is not yet 100% safe for all participants so the drawing group schedule has been postponed until an unspecified time"
If you want to voice your support for Palestine please show that support during the U20 World Cup so that the world knows that it didn't reject Israel and ended up being blacklisted by FIFA.
"So the governor of Bali is now in the media spotlight because of the statement he made. I Wayan Koster also has several considerations regarding the rejection of the Israeli national team's presence at the U20 World Cup partly because Israel is considered to be still carrying out occupation of Palestine."
"Not sure Israel's quality cannot be underestimated at Euro U19 2022 Israel U19 entered the final after beating France 2-1. This squad will play in the U20 World Cup yesterday Indonesia was slaughtered by France 6-0 and there were 3 Israeli players who Enter Team of the Tournament Euro U19"
"The opening view & UUD'45 are clear and firm bro no need to discuss. Points 1 to 10 brother you already know a lot. Now this is the issue of "reject U20 Israel" vs "Indonesia cancels being the host at u20 "" added the possibility of fifa sanctions + indonesia's involvement for all other world sports events."
"Argentina is ready to replace Indonesia in the FIFA World Cup U20 event if Indonesia is canceled as host"
stadium not ready for u20 world cup title israel's refusal just to turn the issue around
"PBNU chairperson spoke out about Israel playing the U20 World Cup what did he say? *** there are only......"
"That's it bro from earlier the answer he just answered the question with other things. Asked a answered b. B was asked answered c. He is proving double standards are real. Israel is not allowed to play at wc u20 because the host refuses even though you the house that proposed to be the host
In the following we provide 4 implications of Israel's polemic at the U20 World Cup
the cancellation of the u20 to compete in Indonesia actually gives official world recognition to Indonesia that the nkri still adheres to the constitution ~ participates in maintaining world peace and respects the rights of independence of nations in the world ~ pressure on israel
still the israel u20 national team does not determine israel's military policy in palestine. If the Indonesian people don't like the Israeli military they should urge the president to lobby various countries so that Palestine is recognized by the United Nations as was done by Mr.
"Russia was banned by Uefa and then FIFA because many European countries objected. They refused to compete with Russia so Uefa was finally banned by Russia. Meanwhile today's case Israel rejected only Indonesia not many other countries or WC U20 participants."
"It's very sad sir. To face 1. intolerance: not firm 2. voices rejecting the presence of the U20 Israel National Team: not firm 3. separatists in Papua: not clear what you want to be sir? Maybe Mao Tse-tung's analysis is correct: the character of the national bourgeoisie is always in doubt?"
"Are you kadrun who want the stage to make WC U20 in Indonesia? Palestine will support Israel. It's okay to come & play. Please separate politics religion &amp; football"
"Why are politicians who are over 40 years old whose mindset is still very old-fashioned (why politics is clashed with sports matters) who are in conflict with Israeli ancestors vs Palestinian ancestors. Why are the original descendants of the U20 archipelago why are they victims."
"Palestine is sante the Israeli U20 team is playing in RI why are there parties that are complicated?"
"Central Java and Bali reject the Israeli national team the u20 world cup drawing agenda is cancelled"
"FIFA &amp; PSSI negotiate Israel's rejection of the U20 world cup let's join Macaoslot depo 25 to 50 free bank/ewallet claim on livechat register: Palestine Say Lalisa Day"
this is it sir. broadly speaking this problem arose from the u20 puldun. if you say that sukarno rejected israel a long time ago. We can use a religious analogy. all of that is conditional. If for example Sukarno is still there it doesn't mean that Belio refuses either. do you understand?
"fifa board when you see Indonesia rejects Israel for the u20 world cup be like: kowe meneh kowe meneh no red bull no madrid fens it's the same"
alhamduillah.. finally fifa has appointed Peru as the host of the U20 World Cup 2023. I hope this is a victory for Palestine and the Israeli football team that bombarded Palestine not playing in Indonesia forever. Hooray Indonesian football is turning back 50 years. Village football is enough I think
Then what is GP's action as regional head where a real Solo guardian under the auspices of Central Java has no words to refuse. solo is also one of the host cities. then did all the regional heads of the u20 organizers comment on rejecting the israel team?
it's over... don't discuss it anymore.. Israel has left the motherland. u20 cancel. imaging is already gatot. xixixixi xixixixi. focus again.. Anis Baswedan's line is tight. for... Indonesia is changing. total restoration.. for justice &amp; honesty.
"So there are two reasons if Indonesia really does cancel being the host of the FIFA U20 World Cup: 1. Israel's rejection from a number of parties 2. The unpreparedness of the match venue two things can be right at one time btw."
"No diplomatic relations Ridwan Kamil asks Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup to be evaluated"
I don't think it's a Palestinian and Israeli issue but some of the stadiums that are in use are still not ready for the U20 World Cup match
is it true that inspection of football stadiums makes fifa's reason for canceling the u20 world cup a problem for israel? away from Israel's problems. sigh....
I don't think it's a Palestinian and Israeli issue but some of the stadiums that are in use are still not ready for the U20 World Cup match
Conie's mother is right if it's important for Indonesian U20s they have to be able to meet Israeli U20s and run aground on a green grass field then the name is cool
The reason for the cancellation of FIFA U20 in Indonesia - The infrastructure is not ready - Where was the original demonstration against Israel? ytta
I read it back and forth I think the tweet above doesn't have any defense of Israel at all. Is hoping that the U20 World Cup can be held in Indonesia smoothly the same as supporting Israel? what kind of logic is this
The reason for the cancellation of FIFA U20 in Indonesia - The infrastructure is not ready - Where was the original demonstration against Israel? ytta
The reason for the cancellation of FIFA U20 in Indonesia - The infrastructure is not ready - Where was the original demonstration against Israel? ytta
Even the world cup FIFA can cross out Russia why do the U20s still insist on bringing Israel...? like fifa
"The condition for Indonesia to continue to host the U20 World Cup is to legalize Israeli citizens to Indo if this is the case they can accept it for example can it be done or not right??? it's scary if it's true"
"The government cannot be regulated by those who do not agree with Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia they are also members of FIFA please understand"
the stadium is not good why do you say that the u20 world cup is an alibi for Israel?
"Just dealing with U20 kids who want to play football how come you are discouraged. Bring everything Bung Karno. Bung Karno is facing Israel in a world political forum not a sport. Because sports values ​​sportsmanship and courage not cowardice. It's a shame to embarrass Garuda."
": playing in afc: playing in the u20 world cup: banned by fifa no football many football players are unemployed thank you sir and the anti-israel wis have lost respect including your long-term brother sir. football don't interfere with politics!"
PSSI Banned Fifa PSSI Banned Fifa PSSI Banned Fifa Rejection against Israel made PSSI afraid of being banned by FIFA even though Indonesia should have declared its withdrawal from organizing the U20 event when there was an event to honor the deceased
just facing u20 kids who want to play ball why are they so discouraged. bring everything Bung Karno. Bung Karno faced Israel in a political forum.
I hope the governor of Bali is proud and happy for this news and congratulations on the decline of Indonesian football which has been painstakingly built up to now. congratulations for those who oppose the Israeli team you have harmed Indonesia. I hope Indonesia can't be the U20 host. Amen
"As an ordinary citizen I am trying to understand the wisdom of this FIFA decision. It's okay not to host the U20 World Cup instead of having to suffer the congregational sin for hosting Israel which has always been the cause of our Muslim brothers and sisters suffering"
what is the biggest factor?? Hey are you afraid of being demoed again?? It's usually bigger if Indonesia cancels hosting the World Cup still playing Israel still playing Indonesia doesn't get banned from FIFA Israel U20 doesn't play until a month Indonesia gets banned it can take years!
"Did Israeli players take part in colonizing Palestine this is Indonesian football it will be difficult to hold international events if the u20 host in Indonesia is canceled"
Russia has been dropped by FIFA as a participant in the 2022 Qatar World Cup due to the invasion of Ukraine. Israel was not crossed out by FIFA from the U20 World Cup even though it had been years since the Palestinian invasion. Fifa's attitude is strange though.
see it actually has to be a unified whole. Reject Israel means reject WC U20 in Indonesia. because the host has no capacity to choose the participating country :|
"When the FIFA World Cup could cross out Russia uh at U20 why didn't FIFA want to cross out Israel okay instead it still stuck with Israel"
"Maybe it means the real reason is not because a handful of people reject Israel at the U-20 World Cup maybe they deliberately raised the issue to cover up Indonesia's unpreparedness to hold the U-20 World Cup"
It is certain that Indonesia will cancel the 2023 U20 World Cup because Israel is really upset..
"yes want to ask about israel p u20 too. but I'm afraid it won't feel good wkwk"
"When politics is mixed up with sports. Make it complicated. It's no wonder that the Malays say that Indonesia is primitive. The important point in this U20 World Cup case is to fight Israel's tyranny in a subtle way and don't act barbarically. Take Qatar for example in the last world cup."
"Fired Minister of Defense Israel was rocked by massive anti-Netanyahu demonstrations: in the midst of the uproar news of Israel's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia tens of thousands of people took to the streets including…"
Seriously the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was canceled because of the rejection of the presence of the Israeli national team? ---- what I remember was the rejection of the work copyright bill from various parties and in some provinces just kept moving forward and never backing down until the hammer knocks.
"There is nothing wrong if Bli Koster tells the truth who ordered him to make an Israeli rejection letter even though two months ago he had signed an MoU to prepare for the U20 World Cup in Bali."
Iihh seriously the reason why the U20 World Cup was canceled because Indonesia didn't accept Israel?
because FIFA is a double standard why is Russia FI banned in the Qatar World Cup because of the issue of serious human rights violations in Ukraine while Israel which continues to kill Palestinians and is barbaric in treating women and children is not banned/boycotted at the U20 World Cup there are no sanctions whatsoever from FIFA.
after the blunder of rejecting the israel u20 team can it still be at the top of the survey? the kadrun wan abud laughed with satisfaction.
"Logically... the government lost to the governor who refused the Israeli national team to Indonesia there is a possibility of questionable government diplomacy. Of the 34 provinces and only 2 props that refused could fail the U20 soccer tournament???"
"Dilemma... the conflict is Israel vs Palestine all you have to do is ask Palestine if they mind if Israel participates in U20 if they don't mind why do we pretend to reject Israel?? They're just playing football not wanting to go to war... this is how it gets mixed up politics and sports.. ambyar !!"
"Israel qualified for the U20 world cup if it's not right around June 2022 at Euro U19 it's hot to be rejected. Now it's irrelevant for pro or con issues about Israel coming here it's more relevant to wonder why it's just now so crazy."
please be consistent for those who reject the Israeli u20 national team... that's all
Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup Peru gets a drawing spot.... Indonesia is crying in the corner...
"why is it only now that so many are shouting"" the boycott of the israel u20 national team????? strange and seems stupid!!!! why when we were appointed as hosts no one protested or gave an ultimatum to fifa: Indonesia wants to be the host house with the condition that Israel is not allowed to participate in the qualifications!!! why only now!!!???"
"Watch so you can understand better. .."" add insight so that you are smart..! now in Indonesia they are busy refusing the Israeli U20 national team to come to Indonesia. These are the facts from the interview with Mas Permadi Arya listen to them so they will be smart..!!!... .."
If the ex-administrator knows these details it means that the news about FIFA has moved the status of the host for the U20 World Cup from the previous period please... it means that it was not because of Israel's refusal because this rejection just happened recently.
"hoorayeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeless no less unless noless noless noless de novo. zero israel national team?
"Insane Israel's refusal is detrimental to state funds that have been allocated for the u20 world cup and is detrimental to the umkm around the stadium which will be the venue for the u20 world cup"
Ketum PSSI Masak did not dare to have an opinion whether or not U20 Israel attended and competed in Indonesia...? later if Anies dares to accept the new Israeli team joins....hahahaha
what are jokowiluhutetpsssi's promises and commitments besides inviting the israel u20 football team so that fifa is willing not to give hard and strict sanctions to pssi for the tear gas massacre in the unfortunate kanjuruhan tragedy 01102022?
Please show the initial tweet you rejected them when Israel passed last year's U20 world cup. Is there any or not ? If there is then we will discuss your cat's feces sovereignty
"Originally confused by Tadpole Mukidi's defense. Rejection against Israel is the attitude of the government but it's also the government that is hosting the U20 World Cup. Try to explain Bong's explanation to your followers because I'm sure they're not smart enough to think this far... Try it bong"
"Consider rejecting Israel which has officially participated through the qualifying route it's better to try refusing to be the host participating in the U20 World Cup is only a jackpot capital for being the organizer..."
when the israeli parliament came to the meeting where did you lie early? Come on are you commenting on their arrival or now because of the refusal to refuse the arrival of the Israeli team in the U20 World Cup? answer honestly... don't half see the situation just because of support
"It's like Israel is just diverting. Our stadiums and buildings aren't really ready yet. Patriots have to complain to Burundi. Solo is the best I know. Well who knows after all after the tragedy it's not ethical to keep the title. u20 world cup event
I Wayan Koster was heavily blasphemed for rejecting the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup
the failure of u20 israel to compete in Indonesia...so the mega kadrun project for long riot propaganda failed
"I am among those who are still convinced that in the end Indonesia will still be the host of the U20 World Cup. The turmoil in the U20 & Israel is a test of the government's diplomatic ability at the highest level as well as a test of this nation's greatness in the eyes of the world."
"Israel rarely passes the U20 world cup once in Indonesia"
"Already knew long ago that Israel took part in the qualifications and finally passed the U20 World Cup. Since that should have told Israel about Israel's participation why is it only now making a fuss?!"
"Just accept that the Israeli national football team plays in Indonesia. This is a consensus on the appointment of FIFA knock the hammer. That's not what the Zionists want. If there isn't a 2023 U20 World Cup match Indonesia is removed by FIFA from world events do you want the responsibility of not rejecting the ISR? Stupid. if the fate of the player his life"
"The polemic regarding the Israel U-20 national team continues. Most recently it's been reported that FIFA canceled the group drawing for the 2023 U-20 World Cup which was supposed to be held in Bali let's find out the full story here:"
Mr. Ganjar is smart... Maybe it's a different story if Israel competes in Bali... Israel failed to compete at U20 in Bali... the cadets who played Yemen American-educated breeders failed to demonstrate in large scale to legalize treason
in this case there is no good choice. bad choices that we have to accept to avoid worse possibilities.
isn't it just recently why israel entered Indonesia... how come the lone wolf is just waiting for the event on U20...anti-ball terrorists
"The central government is getting dizzy thinking about how to prevent the Israel U20 national team from being rejected in Indonesia even Pak GP rejects the Israel U20 national team! Really doesn't respect Pak Jokowi! Janc*k"
"Our football is banned while Israel is still playing in the U20 World Cup Palestine is playing in the Asian Cup next year. We are just dumbfounded when we see them play. I'm so annoyed I'm sorry"
"So isn't Indonesia the host for the U20 World Cup? Is it because of Israel that the hosting is cancelled?? This should have been thought of before submitting not expecting Israel to fail to qualify."
Those who reject Israel's U20 are ancient primitive brains haha ​​I'm sorry that nowadays the world is in our hands do you understand? may be stupid but don't get caught being stupid haha
"For those who understand & are not reactive to brutality. The rejection of Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup by Mr. GP is actually not his true attitude but a political strategy to create confusion in the radical Kadrun camp. Remember 2023 is the year of politics the game of chess is being played."
"if you're still complicated about Israel why did you insist on running for the u20 world cup??? want to use the excuse "" we don't know if israel will qualify as one of the participants "".
football doesn't use religious labels you fool. and the Israeli u20 team is athletes not a war team
"If the U20 World Cup fails then Indonesia will be banned from FIFA. Later all Indonesian football fans will get together we will demonstrate the councils/leaders in the name of humanity who insist on rejecting Israel. If necessary behead them."
"Even though Israel came to Indonesia just to play football because they passed the qualification for the U20 World Cup they have passed the qualifications for a long time but why did they protest when they were about to draw"
"Yes that's why the person you commented for the first time said it means Qatar doesn't have a problem with Israel's presence... because at U20 the participants haven't changed Israel is still participating..."
"I think that if the U20 is canceled in Indonesia it is because the government cannot be firm about various acts of intolerance especially towards minorities bro. That's why there are governors who can make statements ""blunder"" against the Israeli national team."
"The title of professor it's a pity that his brain is not as big as his title. Indonesia rejects the presence of u20 israel is Indonesia's identity & pride as well. uud45 mandates erasing colonialists from the face of the earth. israel until the second continues to colonize palestine. do you understand professor?"
"Didn't you know that many Israeli athletes have come to Indonesia to compete friend! Yesterday it wasn't noisy why is it just now?"
rejecting Israel's u20 for whatever reason his brain is still primitive ancient right when he lived in the stone age if rewards &amp; the political elite of the pdip yes and their brains are stupid stupid for the lovers of Indonesian football they are disappointed and I hope that FIFA doesn't move the U20s to Qatar
You Israel supporters are better off canceling playing in Indonesia than supporting Israel
"In the case of the U20 World Cup it's not really Bali who was the mastermind who refused and banned the Israeli national team from playing there meaning that people are getting involved in other countries' politics so this time it's not the scope of national politics. If Indonesian football dies completely just blame it on him"
It looks like supporting Prabowo or Anies in the future... because they might be better off keeping quiet and waiting for the final results from the government than making statements about Israel's hustle and bustle in the U20 world cup. piye ki.... support or nih? my troops just calm down dl
"If Indonesia fails to host WC U20 then... - Palestine will be fine. - Israel will be fine and they will still participate in WC U20. - Indonesia is not fine because it failed to participate in WC U20 football fans are disappointed and PSSI is waiting FIFA sanctions. It's us who lose."
"They are here to just play football not war after all Palestine also allows Israel to go to Indonesia. The risk is really big you know if Indonesia cancels being the host of WC U20. We just have to give Psywar that's enough to defend Palestine. What are the advantages of the refusal? Israel?"
it's awry too bro bro if you really become Israel u20 to Indonesia the names you mentioned above will also be attacked by netizens wkkw
"Indonesia defends Palestine refusing Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup which will happen if Indonesia really fails to become a host loss of international trust Indonesia's banned FIFA is frozen on the other hand Palestine and Israel can drink coffee together and can still play here and there"
"In response to the rejection by the Israeli U-20 World Cup National Team by a number of parties KSP Moeldoko reminded that Indonesia's struggle to be elected as the host for the U-20 World Cup was very long. Well hopefully there will be the best middle ground."
"There's been a lot of talk about the u20 world cup polemic. It started with Israel's rejection the drawing was postponed until it was canceled and the option was for the event to be replaced by another country. To be honest I'm a bit confused about this what do you think what do you think?"
so I'm hesitant to vote for you if you run for the press...gr2 sir I refuse to reject Israel in the u20 world cup...disappointed sir...
Israel's rejection at the 20-year-old FIFA World Cup Indonesia. If Indonesia hosts FIFA U20 start in your heart.
we should have stopped the israel national team if they still come and take part in the u20 world cup. don't lose to Malaysia who refused the visit of the Israeli national team at the 2019 Olympics.
israel still participates in the u20 world cup the u20 world cup why &amp; Indonesia's influence is getting bigger Indonesia is increasingly trusted for the next big event Indonesia's voice is getting bigger Indonesia can put more pressure on Israel and voice Palestinian independence the constitution is implemented
fyp tiktok contains people's opinions about the governor of Bali &amp; Central Java rejected the U20 Israel National Team to compete in the province. From the start I was skeptical that Indonesia would be a good or bad host. especially since it's already close to 2024
Those who support the U20 World Cup are still being held in Indonesia that doesn't mean they are pro Israel. In fact we all condemn Israel's Zionist occupation and fully support the freedom of Palestine.
with or without israel is a difficult choice for ET as PSSI leaders to hold at u20 in nkri.
"Because he was born as an Israeli does he also have to be hated according to the "manual book"? The same goes for u20 footballers. It's sad!"
"The view from the point of view of football fans will certainly be very different from those who care about the Palestinian people who are treated like animals by Israel if FIFA Fair doesn't have double standards Israel should also deserve to be banned/boycotted to participate in the U20 World Cup like Russia."
Politicians from which parties reject Israel's arrival in the U20 world cup? Which party refused Israel to attend the U20 World Cup event? until here can be connected? just think for yourself.... I'm already lazy
israel's participation in the u20 world cup
"let's help their stupidity let's reject israel u20 is it by rejecting israel palestine will definitely be independent and instead indonesia is down in the eyes of the world of sports and indonesia can't help palestine complete peace with israel let's fool everyone"
"It's better if you look at the beginning of a problem where Indonesia is legitimately hosting the U20 World Cup what year and what year Israel passed from here you can draw history. Don't talk too much like this... "
"After this Pakde will decide that WC U20 will continue then another political faction appears while saying thank you Pakde bla bla bla. Whether Israel is accepted or not politics is still thick"
Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup is punishment for Indonesian football because it never learns from mistakes. noh when asked about security no one can guarantee it right
dizzy thinking about Indonesian football. banned thankfully so no more football. there are also riots. this wants the u20 world cup to be postponed. reject israel. what is so unclear about this republic
regardless of the rejection of the arrival of the israel u20 team. but there is an additional connection. yes indeed say goodbye again.
"Suddenly in unison to refuse Israel to play in Indonesia (World Cup U20) even though previously Israeli athletes also often competed in Indonesia but there was no rejection. So what is the reason for them rejecting Israel? mandate of the 1945 constitution religion or 2024? Anyway FIFA for the event in political year"
the only thing they refuse is opposition so it's only natural that Israeli fried food is fat. later they blame the government for the failure of the u20 world cup
believe me this is not a matter of Israel but a diversion of the issue because our country is not ready to hold the u20 world cup the stadium is not ready for use
need intervention sir for israel at u20
"Inna can take part in the U20 World Cup as well because she is the host but instead makes a fuss over the other participants who qualify.
"Fifa politics has 2 legs Russia attacks Ukraine football is punished while Israel has colonized and killed Palestinians for decades they are allowed to participate in football it is better to withdraw from hosting the u20 world cup.."
"Try to make a counter attack bro calculate the bad effects of WC U20 with Israel still playing in Indonesia."
"Russia is none of our business and please protest to FIFA. If WC U20 clearly has an impact on Indonesian football. It is Indonesia that is banned it is Indonesia that loses Indonesia whose athletes have nothing to do Indonesia. It does not affect the Palestinian and Israeli wars yes no!"
If Indonesia is banned for rejecting Israel U20: 1. Palestine continues to play in the Asia Cup 2. Israel U20 continues to play in the World Cup 3. Palestine continues to be colonized by Israel 4. Indonesia remains primitive and of course from Palestine or Israel does not care about Indonesia
How come there hasn't been an official statement by Palestine appreciating Indonesia for the rejection of the Israel U20 national team?
different attitude psi &amp; PDIP regarding Israel's participation in the FIFA U-20 World Cup? Andy Budiman Indonesian Solidarity Party
"According to the agreement you cannot join hosts with any country. The only options are to continue or get banned by FIFA even though this is a sporting event not a political event. After all Israel has qualified for the U20s in July 2022 why is there a fuss ahead of the March 31 draw?"
"If it is approved by FIFA especially for the Israeli team to compete in Thailand or Singapore not in Indonesia but surely FIFA prefers to cancel Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup rather than Israel not competing in Indonesia."
Brother's view is also quite rational. but if Israel takes part in the U20 event in Indonesia. meaning: the constitution of the country which states that colonialism over the world must be abolished. Should Israel just let it go?
If high-ranking government political parties support the rejection of Israel it means that it is very likely that the Indonesian government does not have the money or budget to organize the U20 World Cup event.
"It's really complicated how come this is Israel's refusal?
Indonesian football at the Asean level continues to be beaten if not Thailand then Vietnam + the issue of fixing the score in competitions is also not resolved. the late Bung Karno in 1957 had banned Indonesia from fighting Israel in the preliminary round of the World Cup in the end Indonesia did not take part in the World Cup (not U20).
"Despite me being Christian and non-Muslim I allow Israel to play in FIFA WC U20. The reason is simple the people of this country love football and the opportunity to be the host was wasted just because Israel qualified. They qualified in 2022 and are they refusing only now?"
"I'm sure it's because of Israel... this country is full of intrigue diverting the issue to cover up its weaknesses take a look at how much it costs to hold the U20 wc?? who pays for the costs?"
"Earlier I was passing by the Gunungpati area where it said ""Ganjar Pranowo has rejected the U20 Israel National Team in the U20 World Cup. How about you?"" funny gaming"
"to seek sympathy ahead of the election. Try holding the u20 after the election maybe it will go smoothly without rejection of Israel"
maybe boss? ..fifa eleminir Israel to fulfill Indonesia's wish to host U20 without Israel? the existing host has been moved by Kalee
"I support Israel playing here it's about playing football we are FIFA members why are we tied to politics. Political years are used for things that I think are inappropriate embarrassing. If you don't believe in holding the U20 World Cup it should be from the start. It's a shame."
The effect when Indonesia rejected Israel: 1. threatened to be banned by FIFA 2. Israel continued to play at U20 3. Palestine played in the Asian Cup 4. Indonesia still lost to Thailand. Risk for the arguments of our officials who are very influential for world peace
"The Ministry of Political Legal and Security Affairs held a meeting regarding Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup. At the meeting it was concluded that there would be steps to approach a number of parties including those who refused. So that later there might be a solution or a middle way we'll just have to wait and see."
"Israel has participated in the qualification from the start in its zone has passed and has the right to take part in the U20 World Cup"
"Regarding the rejection of the Israeli U-20 national team remind the Republic of Indonesia's struggle to host the U-20 World Cup through a long process since 2019 and that was an agreement that was reached at that time."
got banned by fifa because of the death of 135 of our brothers in the tragedy.
why are you always late? From the start seeing which countries have qualified for the U20 World Cup I already have an inkling of what IDN's attitude will be towards the Israeli team.
"refuse to hold the u20 world cup whether you want Israel or not it shouldn't be held here"
"Come on let's do it at U20 in Indonesia the Palestinian ambassador doesn't mind Israel coming let's focus on the interests of our own nation first"
"the israel u20 national team is a witness to the coming disaster of opportunist politicians wallahu a'lam."
Qatar is ready to take over as host of the U20 World Cup waiting for FIFA's decision. no problem joining the israel national team. wow &amp; gub. bali koster kadroen
"Palestine is even welcome to the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team to Indonesia. Maybe we need to study it first is this really a commitment or a mere fried issue?"
"It's not a matter of FIFA ranking but the risk of Indonesia being banned by FIFA if the world cup is canceled in Indo many people depend on the economy for football now. Just reverse the question what effect does refusing the U20 Israel National Team have for our daily lives? They just want to play ball"
"""the Palestinian ambassador met President Jokowi to thank Indonesia for supporting Palestine ""the Palestinian ambassador said it would not be a problem if Israel played in the U20 World Cup &amp; reminded the public not to interfere in political affairs with football"
you are an idiot or an idiot you have no right to reject Israel you don't want our country to host the u20 world cup
the issue of Israel's rejection of participation in the U20 world cup in Indonesia by a number of officials and politicians reaped polemic. &lt;
"Previously the Menpora PSSI chairman had coordinated with all agencies related to organizing the U20 World Cup event. The approach to mass organizations was also to reduce the controversy over the issue of the Israeli team. If this was done from the start there would not have been such an embarrassing rejection."
"Indonesia once rejected Israel in the 1962 Asian Games. In the Asian Games all Asian countries may participate while for the U20 World Cup only the best teams that qualify can participate. Anyone who passes the qualification must be respected and given his rights as a participant in finals at u20"
"Brother Denny this is too innocent. You mean that you lost to the mass organizations that refused calling the majority based on what? Your fear is becoming an ace for the rejects in the future when they want to tackle the government. Believe me it's not just Israel and U20 to riot."
"about football which is the problem of u20 israel. which is fighting all Indonesian people"
"To be honest even if the trial is correct the rejection of Israel's U20 will still be intense. Voters are free."
"The populists who asked PSSI to refuse Israel to play at U20 the logic is that it's twisted again it seems like the host Indonesia doesn't have the authority to choose who can play who can't but in Qatar the context is different. Russia was banned by FIFA as a sports parent not by Qatar. "
believe me... this is just a marketing strategy..... if indeed Indonesia doesn't agree with Israel participating in the u20 world cup why didn't it refuse to host the u20 world cup from the start
"Indonesia does not reject holding U20 football but specifically refuses the Israeli Zionist team to play in Indonesia if the Israeli Zionists want to play please go to another country. And other than that there is no problem.. Indonesia upholds independence and opposes colonialism on earth"
In fact who is the one who lobbied FIFA to implement the U20 World Cup without Israel will surely fail and become the laughing stock of the world
Indonesia is set to host the u20 world cup december 2020 israel passes to the u20 world cup july 2022 the governor of bali wayan koster wrote a letter rejecting the attendance of the israel u20 national team to the menpora 14 march 2023 why 2 months before the new game was noisy why wasn't it noisy when israel passed!?
"Qatar is ready to take over the hosting of the U20 World Cup waiting for FIFA's decision. Indonesia could be subject to FIFA sanctions as a result of the actions of mass organizations PKS Central Java governor & governor. Bali Koster rejected the Israeli U-20 national team."
"The host of the World Cup is the same as Qatar is Qatar boycotting Russia's participation? No but FIFA. The host for the U20 World Cup is the same as Indonesia is it Indonesia who boycotted Israel's participation? Yes not FIFA. Is there a clear difference?"
"Yes that means the governor doesn't need to write letters or speak out regarding Israel's presence at U20 because as you said the governor is not in charge of the entry and exit of foreigners leave it to the president and those who are responsible the governor is quite silent & accepts the decision you don't need to talk too much. "
"Football lovers once again mark the people who made it difficult for the U20 World Cup to take place on the grounds that Israel was present... also mark if there is a sporting event or anything related to Israel... it will be our turn to reject it loudly"
"Even though you already know that the Israeli national team has qualified for the U20 World Cup from Euro 22 U20 runner-up status now the excitement is now.."
"Masyaallah this tweet is really long bro try to make this long tweet about the governor of Bali's rejection of the Israel U20 team it's a shame bro at U20 it doesn't work"
from a security standpoint? actually we accept *specifically* the israel team what is the u20 fifa world cup event???
"Still don't understand Ndoro's explanation when PSSI wants to bid to host the U20 World Cup all the governors agree and agree to support clearly understand the consequences of having participants in Israel etc. How come they suddenly refuse. Genuinely confused"
"The people of Indonesia are behind you the governor of Bali Pak I Wayan Koster whose essence is to reject the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup. This firmness is Bung Karno's legacy in rejecting colonialism in the world. Keep going never back down sir!"
"Mr. Ganjar didn't get me wrong an attitude inspired by Bung Karno's attitude. At least Mr. GP is clear on his position on the Israeli national team issue. Not ashes. Even though the consequences are a lot of blasphemy I also regret it. The u20 world cup is in danger of being canceled here."
"KSP spoke out about the rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team in the You 20 World Cup event in Indonesia. There was no response to the actions and statements of several political parties but what is clear is that Indonesia's struggle to host the U20 World Cup is not easy."
"At first I thought PDIP would be able to contain the Israeli U20 National Team's swift rejection of Indonesia but it turned out that he had joined the shadow party... if Jokowi had not been preceded by his party's rejection I'm sure he would have the courage..."
"I'm of the opinion... well just keep going with this tournament and give a sense of security to the participants at U20 including this Israeli! And if this at U20 fails it's better if we don't have to be in the field of bidding anymore in tournaments/Olympics/PD again! complicated !"
if necessary we will take to the streets and it would be better if u20 in Indonesia is canceled if the Israeli team is still present in it. this is important as a form of attitude &amp; respect for the constitution of the Indonesian nation.
Chairman don't only care about the sports business by ignoring the constitution and the promises of the nation's founding fathers. Therefore we DPP KPI still refuse to invite the Israeli team to invite U20 to Indonesia.
I am the head of the youth &amp; DPP Sports KPI stated that it refused to allow the Israeli team to compete in the U20 competition in Indonesia. This is in accordance with the preamble of the 1945 Constitution where the Indonesian nation rejects all forms of colonialism over the world.
If you want to win bring Israel to join the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
but I'm still sure how come the U20 world cup is still happening and the Israeli national team is still competing like men you don't know how the fifa and pssi collusion is like
but I'm still sure how come the U20 World Cup is still happening and the Israeli national team is still competing like your men don't know about the FIFA and PSSI collusions like how it's just that even though I don't expect much from Isilop who knows himself at least don't let his security slip away later
"I am a supporter of Ganjar Pranowo. But when Ganjar joined narrow-minded about Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup I sent greetings to the Governor of Central Java and Bali. I hope FIFA will cross out Indonesia I hope Bali United disbands."
"Now Qatar volunteered to replace Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup Muslim countries that only practice sharia law want to accept Israel we are a secular country whose laws are made by humans pretentiously reject Israel with shallow knowledge!"
"Don't have any parties who want to thwart the Indonesian National Team to host the U20 World Cup tournament preparations have been made far in advance including the stadium and it costs a lot of money. The Israel U20 national team must still participate legally because they don't just suddenly join == "
alhamdulillah.... the land of the motherland is not trampled by Israel.. cancel u20.. amen. invaders... don't play football in Indonesia. xixixixi xixixixi. xixixixi.
"Ketum PSSI Erick Thorhir is working hard to improve Indonesian football. Instead of League 2 and League 3 PSSI holds FIFA Matchday and League 2 and League 3 tournaments. I hope Ketum PSSI will be successful in lobbying FIFA so that the U20 World Cup can be held with or without the national team Israel."
What is the impact of Israel competing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia?
"PSSI's response regarding Indonesia continuing to host the 2023 U20 World Cup after drawing was canceled by FIFA"
"Agreed cancel all the big dreams that Israel has the potential to enter. Just dealing with the U20 world cup is not right"
1. Indonesia rejects the Israeli team because it defends Palestine 2. Canceled as host at U²⁰ 3. PSSI is banned by FIFA in all international events 4. Israel &amp; the Palestinian team continues to compete in all international events 5. Indonesia just watch
well this is an interesting moment. the israel national team qualify to play for the u20 world cup. So how is Indonesia's position? hey let's take a closer look. Indonesia as a member of FIFA. through our football federation namely PSSI. you have to follow fifa rules.
Indonesia refused to enter the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup
"The government must cancel hosting the U20 World Cup if Israel is present. The general aim is not only to think about business interests but also think about the promises the founders of this nation made."
Of all Indonesians not all of them are football fans so there are also many who don't care about U20 compared to Israel's problems. even from ball lovers the voice is divided there are pros and cons.
"Israeli troops attack the Al Aqsa Mosque expel the Palestinian congregation during worship. Netizen: Then the Israeli National Team wants to be greeted like a great guest in Indonesia at the U20 World Cup? Think!"
"fuuuuuuuuuuuuu...! asking for fifa u20 world cup 2023 without israel while israel who escaped from the qualifiers will be replaced. it's true that it can be replaced.. after a stupid move now make a ridiculous move...!"
"Life is a choice boss the U20 world cup in Indonesia and accepting Israel or canceling Indonesia as a host because it rejects Israel. It's simple right."
but the fact is that the pioneers were indeed the ones who protested. It's not a big party but it has to be understood that the entire Indonesian population is not all football fans so there are also many who don't care about U20 compared to Israel's problems. even from ball lovers the voice is divided there are pros and cons
the radical cadrun anis supporters who were most enthusiastic about rejecting the arrival of the israel national team. but why didn't Anus join in rejecting the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team. Is Anis afraid of America?
"Kadrun won a lot at this rate. But that's okay as long as PSSI doesn't get banned by FIFA. So the U20 World Cup with Israel is a constitutionally valid participant in the competition"
". Using Bung Karno's narrative again... even though Palestine didn't protest against Israel joining the Pildun-U20... it's a blunder hoping to get support instead it gets blasphemed a lot it looks very political to want to block Eric Thohir.."
"If it's like this it's easy for the intestines. Don't understand how to think refuse u20 but don't reject drones for Kopasgat. Humanitarian aid from Israel is also accepted. ""kramotak"""
"Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup Palestine plays in the Asia Cup Indonesia only gets sap"
"Later Palestine will qualify for election we are still frozen expecting to return the favor? Rejecting Israel at the U20 World Cup is not a win win solution to support Palestine. Come on there are more clever ways."
"Israel has been declared to have passed the U20 World Cup since June last year but the committee and PSSI have not made any anticipatory efforts since 9 months ago and just panicked when everything was in a commotion and the conditions were already about to draw. This nation if you don't meet the deadline aren't you curious? ."
"The strangest thing is he said Pak Ganjar's statement was to save Pak Jokowi...if Pak Jokowi didn't want to he would have been rejected a long time ago then Den Siregar said he didn't expect Israel to qualify for the U20 World Pila...tykang finished everything..."
The u20 world cup may be canceled because the country is not ready. what's the dark horse? israeli palestine. Survive getting caught in the bull propaganda agitation.
If high-ranking government political parties support the rejection of Israel it means that the Indonesian government does not have the money or budget to organize the U20 World Cup event.
"So that you don't get into trouble from FIFA and you still have the intention of defending your Palestinian brother country the method is quite easy. Just accept that the Israel National Team is competing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia so every time the Israeli National Team competes just unfurl the Palestinian flag at the stadium."
If high-ranking government political parties support the rejection of Israel it means that the Indonesian government does not have the money or budget to organize the U20 World Cup event.
"I'm asking for your opinion bro if this bidding is accepted by IOC will Indonesia still do the same thing with Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup event? There's Israel in the Olympics too."
"What is the way this person thinks if there is a deterrent after the recommendation U20 will be canceled from the start not because of Israel's rejection."
If high-ranking government political parties support the rejection of Israel it means that the Indonesian government does not have the money or budget to organize the U20 World Cup event.
"just a suggestion (or maybe a fantasy?): 1) FIFA must apply sanctions to Israel as sanctions against Russia. 2) The 2023 U20 World Cup can still be held in Indonesia. 3) Appoint a substitute country for Israel to participate so that the participants remain complete."
"Israel's presence as a participant in the 2023 U20 World Cup raises a polemic. On the other hand they have the right to appear because they have passed the European zone qualification."
"In the aftermath of the Israeli polemic the U20 World Cup is in danger of being cancelled?"
Israel's chronology can appear in the 2023 U20 World Cup: make a surprise qualifying for the European zone
hmmm the governor of Bali and the governor of Central Java refused Israel to compete in the U20 which will be held in Indonesia. cakepppp... salute again...
what does the u20 world cup draw mean? it turns out that drawing in football means... fifa indonesia bali pssi pdip
but qatar is ready to annex the u20 world cup and the israel u20 national team can still play in pildun... Indonesia has many kadrun elements.
why is he refusing now? It should have been natural from the start if you immediately postponed the drawing...if it's like this it's a loss for Indonesia too...btw it's true that Israel is currently colonizing Palestine...but isn't it different if you go to Indonesia Israel U20 just play football?
Palestine is ranked 93 FIFA Indonesia is ranked 151 FIFA is proof that Palestinian football is more advanced and more fluid than Indonesian football. Now politicians reject Israel U20 on the pretext of supporting Palestine by sacrificing the future of their own country's football. What's this??
"Allahu Akbar may Argentina host the U20 World Cup. Go away Israel. Allahu Akbar"
It must be understood that not all of Indonesia's population are football fans so there are also many who don't care about U20 compared to Israel's problems. even from ball lovers the voice is divided there are pros and cons. I as a netijen am only a connoisseur of football that's my opinion.
"If the reason is for security reasons the G20 event is safe isn't it possible to protect the U20 Israel National Team bro?"
"Football lovers don't vote for a kadrun party that rejects the israel u20 national team anyone who rejects the israel u20 national team is an idiot kadrun... takbir kagak nihhhhh"
Argentina is also ready to replace Indonesia! never mind! Only once have we become hosts we are already ready to reject Israel which has passed fairly! FIFA doesn't need Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup!
By the way bro I don't want to discuss the issue of the Israeli national team's refusal for the U20 World Cup which is getting crowded isn't it okay to be able to see Mas Ainur's perspective in this turmoil?
"If Israel rejects the U20 because of diplomatic relations with Palestine it still makes sense. But it's really an anomaly isn't it?"
"It's funny that Indonesians are desperately refusing the U20 Israel National Team to come to Indonesia even though the Palestinian ambassador in Indonesia just said ""it's okay for them to just come"""
"If the reason is for security reasons the G20 event is safe how come you can't even escort the U20 Israel National Team?"
It must be understood that not all of Indonesia's population are football fans so there are also many who don't care about U20 compared to Israel's problems. even from ball lovers the voice is divided there are pros and cons.
"U20 is more important and defending Israel than fighting for the right to go to FIFA the PSSI chairman is also dizzy about losing money"
"governor of bali rejects israel drawing of world cup u20 cancels via"
"israel 1 indonesia 0 israel can join indonesia can't take part in the u20 world cup."
"Actually it's okay it's okay if you want to boycott Israel because from the beginning there was a conflict if something went wrong but why didn't they get away with it from the time it was announced if it's cancelled it's definitely a waste of the budget that has been prepared for WC U20 suuuuuu"
"damn. qatar which is truly an Islamic country dares to be the host of course Israel u20 will go there. crazy. mass organizations be prepared to go to qatar (if you have the money)."
"This Guoblog is also densi gyg gyg.. what's the deal with.. tendentious stigmatization towards Islam.. Palestine was colonized killed oppressed expelled from its own land. that's a criminal. the barbarity of the children of Israel. Why are you it sucks... someone refuses to come for the U20 national team."
This is the aftermath of the cancellation of the FIFA drawing which was planned to be held on Friday (31/3/2023). The cancellation was due to various rejections of the Israeli national team to appear in the U20 World Cup. One of them was conveyed by the governor of Bali I Wayan Koster.
"No need to fuss it's just funny to see those who reject the Israeli national team have Palestine ever helped so that Indonesian football can progress?? It's good to support the Indonesian U20 national team so that in the final Indonesia vs Israel and we will win"
"I don't care about Israel I don't care about WC U20 Indonesia was banned by FIFA especially with Pak Ganjar here there were 135 people who died "" because of football "" the law is not clear the trial for TSK is not clear Indonesia's only concern is "" hashtag"""
"Soekarno's attitude against Israel is no longer related to the current situation especially since Indonesia has officially become the host of the U20 World Cup."
kenafa was rejected... even though apart from participating in u20 it is reported that the israel team also wants to convert here I also agree that we will not win the u20 title. the noise is not strong for me
those who are used to having one vote can split the issue of Israel u20.
"The U20 World Cup has already failed try those who speak out against the Israeli national team playing how will they be rich in the future after Indonesia is banned by FIFA"
"breaking: argentina & qatar are ready to run for the 2023 u20 world cup to replace Indonesia. the impact of the protest against the arrival of the israel national team could possibly make Indonesia's status as host revoked by fifa"
Gerindra's attitude sparked controversy over the arrival of the Israel U20 national team to Indonesia -
"The Israeli team has struggled with the qualifications to qualify to become a participant in the U20 it turns out that it doesn't apply in Indonesia it's better if FIFA looks for another place"
"If the U20 World Cup is canceled in Indonesia and Indonesia gets banned by FIFA reward the Koster PKS for responsibility if possible just throw them away in Syria. The Palestinian government has already stated that it has no objection to the Israeli national team playing in Indonesia uh people who are religiously drunk like this pretend to be heroes"
MPR deputy chairman: ""the rejection of the israel u-20 team to compete in the u-20 world cup came from all provinces especially cities in the province which were planned to be used in organizing the u-20 world cup"""
"The draw for the U20 world cup is cancelled how about this? - meteorbet88 - - - fasting ramadhan sold out fifa pdip pssi bukber world cup israel"
After defending the protest against the blackpink base on the grass problem it turns out that it wants to be canceled and is in danger of being banned because of Israel. dead dog. eat u20 world cup
"Wkwk it's true that the CV has an achievement ""succeeded in resisting Israel's arrival at the u20 world cup"""
"During the World Parliament session in Bali last March how come there were no protests and walk-outs from members of the Indonesian delegation? Were there no representatives from PKS? Was the event at that time not contrary to the reasons when Israel rejected the U20? "
"Just accept that the Israeli national team is playing in the U20 World Cup after the U20 World Cup please send troops to help Palestine fight Israel because troops are not afraid of death or evil troops or brother defenders"
Iraq if I'm not mistaken also rejected Israel in the U20 world cup
do they care if the u20 world cup fails? I think many people don't have a problem with Israel taking part in the Pildun or not but it will be annoying if it gets cancelled. So if you know that one of the reasons for canceling is because the governor of the venue for the match refuses what do you think? it doesn't matter they have twitter or know from tv/wag
sport is sport. he spoke of sportsmanship and a big soul. but political pettiness makes everything broken. including the rejection of the U20 Nas Israel team. sad me...
"Once again the case of the Israeli national team's rejection of the U20 World Cup which will be held in Indonesia and has now been revoked by FIFA proves how dangerous religious fanaticism is which can destroy every aspect of life."
"If the Puliala Dunia U20 is canceled in Indonesia. 1. Indonesia is banned stop leagues and international matches. 2. Palestine and Israel are still at odds. 3. The Palestinian and Israeli national teams can still play in all events 4. Indonesian football people are miserable."
"when the city of london with its stamford bridge stadium held an iftar together and echoed the call to prayer it was even crowded here"" closed the statue with a tarpaulin &amp; it was crowded"" refused the arrival of the israel u20 national team instead of progressing our nation was retreating"
"All lies and ambiguity. There was a moment when Israel was welcomed at an international event you know and then in Bali there was a moment when Israeli cyclists and badminton athletes competed in Indonesia and that was fine. It was the turn of the U20 world cup how come the Israeli team refused? This is all for what and for whom? ??? puzzles"
"Hahaha...the Palestinian ambassador in Indonesia said it didn't matter if Israel participated in the U20 World Cup...there are Indonesians under the pretext of defending Palestine harming their own country...more Palestinians than the Palestinians themselves"
"Come on bro take over the task of Bali for drawing... guarantee that everything will be smooth and under control if necessary just put Israel in solo... don't get caught up in the heat of rejection Indonesia will be canceled from playing in the U20 world cup banned by FIFA and it will be funny later really we only watch palestine vs israel playing football."
the governors of bali and central java are intelligent people and have an extraordinary sense of nationalism firmly and uncompromisingly rejecting the u20 israel team because they know exactly until this moment that indonesia does not recognize the state of israel based on the constitution of the republic of indonesia.
"In the polemic concerning Palestine the Palestinian ambassador Zuhair Al Shun did not question the presence of the Israeli U20 National Team as a participant in the 2023 U20 World Cup."
"However the polemic over the U20 World Cup has indeed started to get busy one of the reasons is refusing the presence of the Israeli national team to compete."
"hahaha how comeIndonesia has banned the Israeli football team from participating in the U20?? it turns out that there are those whophobia with Israelhahahaha cemen looouse bring Palestine with you"
"From the start Indonesia should have refused at U20 because Israel could be a participant so once again if there is a world championship and Indonesia is appointed as the host it should just be rejected...."
"I Wayan Koster's biodata profile the governor of Bali who is suspected of being the reason for FIFA canceling the draw for the Indonesian U20 World Cup PSSI PDIP"
I'm glad to see the double standard of society that is applied to Israeli u20 kids playing here. awww.
"If because of Israel the U20 is canceled then the Olympics will also be canceled"
"Qatar Arab is ready Argentina is ready the Israeli team should only compete in East Indonesia but the U20 event will continue"
"Support the U20 world cup in Argentina the national team is better than Indonesia which rejected Israel I hope you are all happy"
"Spent a lot of money for the U20 World Cup it's in danger of being canceled just because Israel wants to come...."
"It's great they are like the world has become their own even though the conflict is Palestine but how come they are the ones who reject the Israeli U20 national team. Salute to the Palestinian ambassador his statement is very rational"
besides the israel u20 soccer team there is also exciting news about cars entering the apron ... duh my indonesian ... what's wrong with fussing about small change if a car already has a permit to enter the apron? Here see the explanation from the Ministry of Transportation
FIFA cancels the U20 drawing in Bali which is said to be due to the governor of Bali's rejection of Israel. pdip indonesia jogja billl gates zaenab biber fifa pssi still morning parrot london europe argentina
"Na'udubillah mindalik... how about the arrival of the Israel U20 national team Laknatullah to Indonesia min?"
just cancel u20 world cup. Don't let those who want jihad appear because Israel is here. I'm tired of volumes of demos that have the potential to be very big.
"top news: israel national team in world cup u20 ipi version of presidential candidate survey"
still rejects the israel national team to play the u20 world cup in indonesia
I withdrew support for his rejection of the Israel U20 National Team. How come someone of his caliber can't distinguish between sports and politics. bring it pack karno again.
This country has been contaminated with hatred that no longer uses reason people who bring mixed politics to sports even though the Palestinian ambassador doesn't have a problem with Israel's participation in the U20 why are our people getting angry and even threatening the Israeli national team? that's ridiculous
"Seriously asking the term "drawing" which is still hype about the world cup for Israel's involvement please help explain those who understand. Try searching but it doesn't feel right."
"Well it makes sense Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup since 2022 but it was noisy when the World Cup event was about to be held"
"Exco PSSI executive committee member Arya Sinulingga said the cancellation of the drawing in Bali followed the Governor of Bali's rejection of the arrival of the Israeli U20 team. So far no replacement time and location has been decided for the U20 World Cup draw."
Our country is always spinning in the same way... Palestine doesn't matter if Israel goes to Indonesia to play at WC U20.
"Frozen by FIFA again this is a threat of sanctions for Indonesia and PSSI if they fail to allow Israel to play in the U20 World Cup (Sria)"
"This is the only one who disagrees with Israel in the U20 world cup isn't it ET but why are you attacking ET? It's weird you try the most sounding ban on Israel where did yesterday's order go? Come on where do you want the election to go straight so pretend to be a hero? "
"You are ready to host the U20 World Cup which means you already know the consequences why use Israel's bid to reject it? It's like people don't have a stand."
"The governor of Bali also rejected the Israeli team being placed in Bali...followed by Gangar Pranowo's statement and finally it was decided that the drawing in Bali was cancelled...I don't know how it will go I hope it doesn't stop Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup bro ."
It was clear that it was intentional if you wanted to refuse yes last year when Israel qualified for the U20 Cup
"I agree that WC U20 is being canceled in Indo. Spending taxes. Like Indonesian football it's just good. The supporters are like that. Instead of banning Israel it's better for Indonesia to be banned not having to perform WC U20."
if the general chairman of PSSI insists on bringing the Israeli U20 national team to Indonesia. it means they are traitors to the nation. They agree to the oppression of Muslim brothers in Palestine. then it is mandatory for us to loudly reject Israel
I support psi's stance regarding the U20 world cup because it is more realistic than those who reject the Israeli national team.
FIFA officially canceled the U20 World Cup draw which was planned to be held in Bali on March 31 2023. The cancellation of the drawing is an alarm for Indonesia a shadow of sanctions from FIFA. The cancellation of the U20 World Cup draw was motivated by the governor of Bali's rejection of the arrival of the Israeli national team.
if israel was rejected at u20: 1. palestine is still not independent 2. israel is still colonizing palestine 3. israel can still play in other international spheres. 4. Indonesia on FIFA tires. 5. Palestine might be able to play inter as well 6. Indonesia is famous for failures
mostly political people. while people who are in the field of sports are cool and calm it seems. even though Israel's U20 national team only went to Indonesia to play football. After all the Palestinians don't have a problem here.
"If Indonesia is banned by FIFA for rejecting Israel U20: 1. Palestine continues to play in the Asian Cup 2. Israel U20 continues to play in the World Cup 3. Palestine continues to be colonized by Israel 4. Indonesia remains primitive and of course Palestinians or Israelis don't care Indonesia PSSI is falling
The U20 World Cup is all about Israel again. reminds me of the 2015 badminton world championships in jakarta. too busy about israel. at that time tm was the announcer at the palace. It was tough at that time regarding whether Misha Zilberman could play or not in Istora.
"Regarding the cancellation of the U20 event because of the Israeli team this is a moment of victory for the radical groups who have defeated the country radical bravo has succeeded in defeating the country with excessive fear and worry"
"He did not reject the u20 but rejected the Israeli team when he happened to be in a group that had to play in Bali."
"There are many political conflicts of interest behind the rejection of the U20 Israel National Team hopefully the implementation at U20 will remain in Indonesia. It would be too risky if it was canceled in Indonesia"
3 The impact of FIFA sanctions overshadows PSSI and the national team if they fail to win the U20 World Cup because Israel passes
"The drawing for the U20 World Cup match has been cancelled how do you comment sir? It is said that it was because the governor of Bali refused to participate in Israel if I'm not mistaken the governor of Central Java also refused to join in with the refusal!!!"
"Just cancel the hassle of taking care of this country it's not really complicated. If you know like this you don't have to volunteer to host the U20 World Cup. final round"
"In the end Israel and Palestine will continue to be involved in the international football scene while Indonesia will only bite its fingers. Can you describe the reasons behind your rejection of the Israel U20 national team?"
"Politicians who reject Israel's U20 don't have an attitude but are selfish and are only looking for votes before 2024 it's better not to be elected in the next election"
if Indonesia is banned by FIFA then you must be morally responsible to all lovers of Indonesian football. It's a shame that your attitude was driven by a handful of mass organizations that rejected the Israeli U20 team.
"great... continue sir rejecting Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup until Indonesian football is destroyed. You are indeed great !!"
"Even if the 2023 U20 World Cup is canceled in Indonesia it will not have any effect on Israel's attitude towards Palestine. There is no problem for Israel it is actually a big loss for Indonesia."
1 - 2 words for Israel u20 bro?
sir don't get tired of working to achieve Indonesia remains the organizer at u20. if there are regions that have problems with the presence of the israel national team maybe the venue can be moved to jayapura there are 2 good stadiums there
1 - 2 words for Israel u20 bro?
"rejection of the israel team u20 world cup prof anom: it also has an impact on the tourism sector through"
this is how israel newspapers reported on indonesia's rejection of the israel national team at the u20 world cup
"The 3 effects of FIFA sanctions will overshadow PSSI and the national team if they fail to win the U20 World Cup because of Israel it will soon be mandatory for football to wear robes and hijabs if not you cannot compete"
"Still gamempan those who reject the Israeli U20 national team feel more Palestinian than their own Palestinians"
"Israel is rejected FIFA cancels the U20 World Cup draw PSSI is surprised: why are the rejections only now happening? via"
"Indonesia qualified to host the WC U20 because it won the bidding the Israeli football team passed the WC U20 because it won the qualification. Those who protested against the Israeli team because of "colonization" in Palestine but Palestine through the ambassador has no objection to the Israeli team participating in WC U20. So it's a shame na naon atuh."
"the Palestinian ambassador has no problem with Israel playing in the Indonesian U20 world cup these 2 governors stubbornly refuse"
The chaos over Israel at U20 was complicated because there was a mix between right groups who wanted to gain support ahead of 2024 and politicians' attempts to thwart the possibility of increasing the popularity of Erick Thohir as chairman of the PSSI. he also wants to advance in 2024.
"Good news for Bli Wayan Koster billboards Monaslimin sand worshipers and rogues who oppose the Israeli team. Argentina has offered to take over the U20 World Cup in place of Indonesia."
"israel rejected fifa cancels the u20 world cup draw pssi: why are the rejections only now happening? via"
"the rejection of the israel team for the u20 world cup anom: it also has an impact on the tourism sector through"
maybe the governor of bali and pdip were hit by stage 3 amnesia that's why the israel national team was refused to participate in the u20 world cup
has anies rejected the israel u20 national team?
"Responding to the rejection of the U-20 Israeli National Team KSP Moeldoko said the effort to host the U-20 World Cup is not easy and a very long struggle."
"If Indonesia is banned for rejecting Israel at U20: 1. Palestine will continue to play at Aiala Asia 2023 2. Indo will not play at the 2023 Asia Cup 3. Israel U20 will continue to play at U20 4. Palestine will still be colonized by Israel 5. Indonesia will remain primitive  palestine and israel do not mind indonesia being banned"
"Regardless of political views Israel's acceptance as a football team in the U20 World Cup event in Indonesia does not give the idea that we are blind to what happened to Palestine not everything can be seen with the same lens."
about the u20 world cup &amp; Israel's participation is a difficult position for FIFA. banned russia &amp; his club from participating in the tournament due to the war but allowed israel to participate anyway. if it is also banned it will be a bad precedent (too) for FIFA.
"The international community sees the character of the people of the Republic of Indonesia. The rejection by the majority of the public regarding the participation of the Israeli U20 team has become a concern of the international community."
fifa cancels u20 cup draw in bali to defend israel
the Palestinian ambassador in Indonesia said that it was not a problem for Israel to join the U20... ehhh there are Indonesians who are more Palestinian than the Palestinians themselves...
KSP did not want to respond to the issue of the Israeli team's refusal to compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. but Pak Moeldoko reminded that Indonesia's struggle to gain the trust of FIFA as the host was not easy and required struggle.
"the country he defends doesn't have a problem with Israel participating in the U20 world cup because it has indeed passed the qualification and is legal.
hello... everyone. I don't understand politics etc. but what are the benefits for this nation if u20 fails. or if the israel team comes. it doesn't mean that this country supports the Israeli state regarding Palestine. Sorry I don't want to contradict those who disagree.
"I don't believe that because a group of people reject the Israeli national team FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. If this reason is only enough for a guarantee from the government. I'm sure there are other technical reasons that PSSI hasn't fulfilled."
Indonesia's only two options are to remain safe or chaotic: 1. Refuse Israel's U20 with all kinds of sanctions from FIFA. 2. continue to allow contests with the consequence that the country is becoming chaotic with individuals who are taking advantage of the situation ahead of the 2024 elections. is this the fruit of the simalakama?
"Stop dreaming of the Olympics at the U20 World Cup but it still carries politics not sportsmanship. It would be best if you take Qatar as an example which has successfully held the World Cup without differentiating countries there are a lot of spectators from Israel"
want the u20 world cup to be a success but without israel legally making it through. fifa determines my boss. are you caper caper sir?
Netizens highlight the Israeli national team's refusal to take part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia so that the draw has to be canceled! how are you?
"The draw for the U-20 world cup in Bali which was supposed to be held at the end of March was cancelled. PSSI revealed that the refusal of the Israeli national team by the governor of Bali Wayan Koster was the reason for FIFA to cancel the draw for the U-20 world cup."
"What if the U20 players are different or younger siblings or our brothers and indeed our brothers and sisters aren't we? Football has its own regulations if you really want to terrorize Israel let it reach Indonesia first then we'll take care of each other. Let the fishball vendors sell in the stadium for them."
"I'm really sorry Mr. Yan who was attacked in the comments on his ig account because he refused Israel's arrival at the U20 World Cup competition. It's a pity but who told you to go wrong Mr.
"After the governor of Bali refused the presence of the Israeli national team FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup draw in Denpasar"
"It's really stupid if you don't know that Israel can be a Pildun participant. As a country it's a member of FIFA. Why are you so dashing?" "You run for the host? You're only at level U20 you haven't said you want to host the Olympics and the World Cup. It's ruined. don't drag sport into politics."
"Indonesia is not ready to move forward kadrun and child politics are still gripping Indonesia. Our level is still not the host but the audience. Hopefully in the future we will watch the Israel U20 vs Palestine U20 team. Indonesia already feels great as a Muslim-majority country even though it is powerless ."
1. Indonesia rejects the Israeli team because it defends Palestine. 2. cancel hosting on u²⁰. 3. PSSI was banned by FIFA at all international events. 4. israel team &amp; the Palestinian team continues to compete in all international events. 5. Indonesia just watch. enjooyyy!!!
"Yeah you think laahhh... the one banned by Russia is FIFA the organizer is not one of the countries... after all Israel can enter the U20 World Cup it also needs a struggle just like Spain and Argentina they don't qualify"
"Finally PDIP changed to Kadrun and together with PKS built a great synergy on the theme "" reject the Israeli u20 team ""."
"d-5 the drawing or drawing for the u20 world cup in Bali was canceled by fifa. yep this is a matter of the governor of bali's refusal i wayan koster the governor who refused the arrival of the israel team. automatically the draw will not be held without all participants."
"Did you know that the players and the official U20 Israeli national team live in areas that used to belong to the Palestinian people. So they are part of the occupation itself enjoying the violence and killings committed by their soldiers against the Palestinian people..."
hick. Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup through preliminaries. not participating in u20 through the host line.
meaning that we are not just related but come and donate money to Israel. the affairs of innocent children u20 again..waduuuh. Are you looking for faces from political party leaders? outrageous...
"If Indonesia cancels being the host of the U20 World Cup because of Israel's participation it means that Sukarno is very happy in the afterlife because his struggle continues with Pedeipe and GP and WK as his cadres that's what I think about this stupid analysis"
"rejects the u20 football national team anti israel but instead uses sophisticated Israeli drones to protect the country what does the world say"
"The Palestinian Ambassador to Indonesia Zuhair Al Shun has no problem with Israel coming to Indonesia as a participant in the 2023 U20 World Cup (FIFA)."
and remember this one player? yaps!! who brought Israel to Senayan and now bans the Israeli national team from competing in the U20 World Cup?? Please move politics and sports I know 2024 is near but there's no need to shift the issue to this point. stale you know
"Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup in mid-2022. Why was it odd and the posters didn't sound at that time huh? Even more ridiculous were the supporters of odd seeing him as Jokowi's savior. It was the poster who said it first."
"Through U20 if we can move from Central Java and Bali then we have no doubts about FIFA. By rejecting Israel this is not our way but this is the dirty way of politicians. That's why the president doesn't want to be Java-centric. In development there will be a political monopoly because at this time the infrastructure is ready in Central Java Bali"
"Listen to the sentence that was canceled not postponed but I don't know later. FIFA cancels the 'drawing' of the U20 World Cup in Bali PSSI: related to the rejection of the Israeli national team"
it's a party.. if it's an organization it's only kadrun. this is our celebration israel's business it's fifa's business not our business because this is the fifa worldcup u20 agenda not g20... this is football not politics
"Let's see together will rejecting Israel be synonymous with rejecting all participating countries in the U20 World Cup including Indonesia as free participants or just Israel. Let's wait together."
"It's better not to bid on the host of the U20 World Cup after all in the end ""political prostitutes"" who are worried about the electability name that thwarted it. until the interests of the group more than the interests of the state"
"israel was refused to follow u20 football you are koar" "but you see this massacre of Palestinians by Israeli zionists your eyes are narrow your ears are rotten your heart is rotten you understand lackeys"
"Sir I respect your opinion about the Israeli team's rejection but I am also very disappointed because you who I hope will be able to continue as the leader of this country turns out to be not yet independent & at peace with himself. The u20 election will almost certainly fail to take place can you imagine??? "
"Thank God Qatar and Argentina are ready to host the U20 World Cup all thanks to Mr.
"Sorry I'm not fasting because I'm angry that Indonesia might cancel being the host of WC-U20. Israel is laughing at the stupidity of politicians & netizens who reject them"
congratulations to the governor and the people of bali. The U20 World Cup was canceled in Bali due to the rejection of the Israeli team. bali is the best. hopefully others will follow...
"If you want electability to increase don't just reject Israel in the U20 World Cup. It's better if the bulls use their horns to ram this regional secret."
"By the way who is the one who rejects (the loudest) about Israel playing at U20? Browsing Mr. Ganjar but yesterday there was a thread going around about "Jasmerah" Mr. Ganjar-Gibran.. Please provide info please"
"All that remains is to make the enthusiasm for the match for the U20 Israel national team go sour by enlivening the stadium where they are competing and chanting the prophet's prayer and supporting Palestine.
"But I still believe Israel will still appear at the U20 World Cup because those who refuse it are still for personal reasons not for institutional and state reasons and believe Erick Thorhir is capable of solving this problem"
congrats... head of state sir fighting to host the u20 world cup... regional heads &amp; i wayan koster... refusing the arrival of the Israeli participants... no communication whatsoever... seizing the sympathy of the blunders..
"It seems that the only thing that can save the Indonesian U20 World Cup is the president's statement guaranteeing the security of the Israeli national team but of course by 2024 that is quite risky. I don't care too much about Indonesian football but it's quite interesting to watch"
"The owners of Facebook and Google are also of Jewish / Israeli race so those who reject the U20 World Cup in Indonesia please stop using all forms of Jewish / Israeli services / products. Short fuse brain don't be hypocritical so people mix politics and sports"
"Later if you speak out you will lose support please be advised it will enter a political year even though many of its supporters have spoken out against the Israeli U20 National Team"
"The MUI has been reminding the government since June 2022 about Israel's participation in WC U20. So those who said why they were rejected now where have you been? Check the news it's still on CNN."
For politicians from PDIP who rejected the Israeli team which resulted in the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia I also have the right to golput 2024...
it's a shame that Garuda's struggle will dim as the stupid political clown refuses to let the Israel U20 team play in Indonesia the effect of which is that PSSI is penalized by FIFA
"In the past those who spoke out not to mix politics with football when Russia was banned by FIFA should also have said the same thing when Israel refused to play in the U20 World Cup. Apart from that we agree that FIFA is an asshole."
observer: the issue of rejecting the israel national team is risky for pdip and jokowi. the issue of rejection of the Israel U20 team ultimately became an arena of tug-of-war between PDI Perjuangan and Jokowi.… via
It's really cool native Israel without words without weapons just being quiet can disperse Indonesia as host of the U20 World Cup the national team just play tarkam
"Yes that's a feature of our country trapped in the past the political orientation of the Nasakom initiative is still used as a reference for the Palestinian conflict and the rejection of the Israeli U-20 National Team"
must objectively look at the problem .. each view raises a different impact .. in this case the view against Israel participating in the U20 world cup that passed legally via qualification should not be an issue and compared to politics .. look at the mirror without looking at the windshield
"If Indonesia is canceled by FIFA as the organizer of the U20 World Cup football Qatar is ready to replace it. Qatar an Islamic country which has just been successful with the 2022 World Cup of course has no objections to Israel's participation. It remains for Indonesia to become a pariah nation in international football."
"It's no wonder the volunteers for the U20 World Cup haven't made any progress since December it turns out there's been a lot of drama about the Israeli national team. You already know the public is sensitive to Israeli issues they're still bidding to be the host. Don't you realize that Indonesia isn't as strong as the EU for boycotts?"
"Then why are we running for the U20 World Cup host if we are not ready to accept a country that is politically inconsistent with us? The host is only lending a place which determines all of FIFA. Israel has qualified you know not invited. If you're not ready just cancel. "
Professor of International Law at the University of Indonesia Hikyanto Juwana agrees that politics must be separated from sports. U-20 football tournaments in Indonesia do not necessarily reflect political attitudes.
"the israel u20 team was rejected the effect was to make you cry. the reasons for the refusal were mentioned by israel colonizing palestine. will there be expulsion of saudi arabians who colonized yemen; turks who colonized parts of syria; russia who colonized ukraine? cc:"
haaa..it's crowded too. even though fifa has just postponed the drawing. it's possible that the israel national team will play in the indonesian u20 world cup without using the israel symbol like russia at the tokyo olympics..
"(3) one group moved to Singapore might be a solution. The consequence is that if Israel continues to progress (the U20 Israel team is quite strong) matches involving Israel will remain in Singapore even in the finals"
(1) last world cup which was full of lgbtq issues I was thinking what would happen if Israel played at U20 Indonesia. Bali is a solution even though security issues are still a concern. it turns out that even then a dangerous solution does not work now. then what's the solution?
"The gallant FIFA failed Russia to enter the Qatar World Cup even though it had worked hard to qualify because Russia attacked Ukraine. But FIFA allowed Israel to take part in the 2023 U20 World Cup despite years of invasion and acquisition of Palestine. Sportsmanship? That's politics please. Different treatment even though they are both attacking."
"You know that the bidding for the U20 WC started in 2019 and Israel passed the 2021 or early 2022 qualifications (if I'm not mistaken) where were you when they passed? Why are you just now refusing!!!"
the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup received rejection from a number of parties in indonesia. Netizens are busy asking why the rejection is only now.
"What PDIP Wayan Koster Ganjar PKS HTI FPI and MUI must remember. If the U20 World Cup fails to be held in Indonesia and FIFA sanctions fall then the losers will not be Israel and Palestine but Indonesia itself. If Israel and Palestine can still compete internationally
"What PDIP Wayan Koster Ganjar PKS HTI FPI &amp; MUI must know. Russia was penalized while it was still in the World Cup qualifying round so it had not qualified for the World Cup while Israel legally qualified for the U20 World Cup so it cannot be equated .and the host can't refuse it"
"The devil's army curses the Israeli Zionists to be rejected in Indonesia finally FIFA cancels the U20 World Cup draw in Bali.
Bali is also pure nonsense when Wayan Koster refused to allow the Israeli U20 national team to compete there. he is a shadow puppet who attaches kadrun to destroy Bali.
"Bali was the place for the drawing for the U20 World Cup which was finally canceled because the Israeli national team refused to come to Bali... while the draw had to have representatives from all countries come"
"Why are they reading it even Ilfil and GP. So if there is an Israeli National MotoGP racer they will also be rejected? The Olympics? What is rejected is Israel's political attitude that colonizes the Palestinian territory not the U20 football team. It's similar to the tiktok application that was brought into US politics"
"Regardless of opinions about Israel and the cancellation of the U20 World Cup I'm interested in seeing sanction number 7 I think FIFA is also a double standard."
"The Israeli delegation is going to Bali quietly bro these are a few U20 boys who want to play football not bomb"
"Still this idiot is a far different context from the Soekarno era because the value of sportsmanship in football crosses political religious ethnic and class boundaries. If you insist on rejecting Israel you don't have to dream of being the organizer at the U20 and 2038 Olympics it's useless it's just making things complicated"
"Mr. Mr. It's better to cross out the Bali venue and register the Papua venue only. Because no one dared to oppose/demonstrate the presence of the U20 Israel National Team in Jayapura Papua. It's a shame to waste money preparing for the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup if it's cancelled"
"then the u20 world cup is playing in argentina all of a sudden we are playing vs israel there are more people screaming later we will refuse to fight vs israel wkkwkwkwkw. a country full of drama"
"they are not "defending" their aim is to destroy the Indonesian state and many people are trailing because they are covered with religious frills is the country losing???
"Indonesia stands against Israeli occupation not rejecting U20 children to play football for their country... they are not a soldier who colonized them they are just children who have dreams of playing in the world cup... you idiot"
"Refusing the arrival of the U20 Israeli National Team on humanitarian grounds after what was done to Palestine. Then young Garuda who are preparing to take part in the U20 World Cup and bringing the dreams of the Indonesian people where will they take them? This is also about humanity right?"
"In we are crowded for days it becomes a national hot issue in Israel don't know that there is a U20 World Cup"
"All of you who rejected the arrival of the Israeli U20 National Team you are going too far. Governor of Bali Governor of Central Java PKS and all the others you have made Indonesian football worse off. We cannot accept any of your reasons for this."
"When I bid I hoped and believed that Israel would not pass u20..... uh missed"
the israel u20 national team must still exist (fair play)
"Thank you for agreeing. If you force the U20 World Cup to continue it will have various impacts. Regarding security when the Israeli national team competes. What's more Israel passes to the next round. Or 1 group with our national team? This world cup only breaks us up it's not fun and brings us tourist."
"Some are naive saying this""The U20 World Cup must still be held in Indonesia but without Israel!"""
-people just come to play football.. -why should you panic about a player who is only 20 years old? -If Israel doesn't play what's the advantage? -The title of the U20 World Cup will not change our attitude in the effort for world peace.
"Politics boss just talk about facts. Only Israel in football sports Israel in other sports there is no drama like this. Where were the ppls who rejected it when bidding to host the u20 world cup yesterday?"
"The U20 World Cup can still be held. But Israel will not play in Indonesia. Israel will fight against them they will play in Singapore or Australia stadiums. Win win solution"
"Argentina is also ready to replace it but if you see that Qatar is still hot after the 2022 World Cup there is a greater chance that Qatar will be chosen by FIFA to replace Indo. Qatar is the host Indonesia does not play in the U20 World Cup and is banned Israel continues to play in the U20 World Cup big win for Israel "
"Come on boycott which prohibits Israel in the 2024 election. Even the Palestinian ambassador can understand if he gets banned all the Olympic teams Asian Cup U20 squad and Indonesian leagues will be destroyed."
"In 2022 there has been information that Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup from the European zone Israel has even become the runner-up in the European zone... after running out of energy preparing to host then you talk about stability & security..."
a number of officials and politicians rejected israel's presence at the u20 world cup. Bung Karno did the same thing.
"Yes the media also has an influence even though the U-20 world cup event also attracts more attention from the public. I'm sure many people in Indonesia don't know that an Israeli representative has come to the G20 and other athletes have been to Indo."
If that's the way of thinking you don't have to run from the start to host the U20 World Cup or at least in 2022 just resign after it's discovered that Israel has successfully qualified from the European zone.
Why didn't Israel reject it from the start after all Israel has gotten this U20 world cup slot long ago
It's fine that there is no need for u20 from Israel to come here.
pd-u20 without israel???? the host manages it
"One country is noisy here Israel is just being laughed at remember this is the U20 World Cup man how important is it??"
"The problem is that those who refuse can't think about Grandma... they think that by rejecting Israel Indonesia is great at supporting Palestine while Palestine is not a problem for Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia..."
there is nothing to lose if the state gets the money from the state budget. and from our taxes too. the problem is that Israel has passed the world cup in july 2022 but why is it refusing ahead of the u20 world cup which is only 2 months away. It's really obvious why it's a political ride.
"Your attitude should be like a guardian's. Try to be a good host but Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup is up to the central government & PSSI. But yes that's the feeling of being a defender of Palestine while Palestine is not in trouble for Israel in the U20 World Cup."
"After the Governor of Bali refused the presence of the Israel National Team FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup draw in Denpasar CC"
"During IPH's activities in Bali PKS was silent now when Indonesia is hosting the U20 World Cup it is even noisy about Israel's arrival even though this is related to sports..."
like this if the Indonesian national team refuses Israel to Indonesia what will happen is: 1.the Israeli national team continues to compete in the U20 World Cup with other hosts 2.Palestine can also still play in FIFA tournaments 3.Palestine is still not independent 4.Indonesia is sanctioned by FIFA
it takes a big soul from indonesia to trm israel national team only for u20
"Even though the Palestinians themselves don't have a problem with Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup why is it even here that it's noisy besides Israel also passed 2022 why didn't they protest earlier why should it be now"
"Idiot Kadrun I support Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup uh I'm even called a heathen & a Zionist. Wow the stupid Kadrun that I'm defending is in Indonesia's own interests so that FIFA won't be sanctioned. As a football lover I don't want the Indonesian National Team to be sanctioned by FIFA PDIP"
it's a shame... because a handful of people refused Israel's arrival U20 Indonesia was threatened with failure to become the host for the U20 World Cup PDIP FIFA White Pig
"Wow read this for those of you who refuse the arrival of Israel U20 Argentina is ready to bend Indonesia after failing to draw yesterday. PDIP FIFA White Pig"
"That constitution emerged because Palestine asked for Indonesia's help now Palestine doesn't have a problem with Israel in the U20 World Cup does the constitution apply?"
"This is the latest news for Israel's opponents of appearing at the U20 World Cup including Pak Wayan Koster and PKS. If this news really happened congratulations to all of you. Indonesia failed to become a host... Indonesia failed to become a participant in the U20 World Cup. .."
"It's ridiculous if Indonesia was banned by FIFA because of this issue it's better not to register as a host if the effect is that Indonesian football is banned when registering as hosts for the U20 World Cup what did Indo think Israel couldn't possibly qualify didn't you think about the effect of rejection too? ... so it's at risk assessment dl"
brooo it's not a terrorist problem for the u20 world cup that's the problem 2 governors reject israel...means gp antitesa jokowi...2024 golput
"israel rejected fifa cancels the 2023 u20 world cup draw via"
"Regarding the Israel National Team U20 journalists the media is very general how come no one dares to ask the vice president of blue blood nationalist and religious woman"
who pushed Israel to the u20 world cup are people who don't know football.
"The one defended by the U20 National Team sir. Marcelo Ferdinand et al not Israel. Be careful otherwise you get caught wrong"
"What PDIP Ganjar PKS MUI must know was in 1957 Indonesia refused to compete with Israel in the world cup qualifying round so it only lost wo doang. Now Indonesia's status as host of the U20 World Cup so if Israel rejects it for sure fifa sanction"
"I'll extend it here and there Indonesian football will be banned again by FIFA because of the FIFA WC U20 case with Israel"
Naturally Singapore finally held the 2023 U20 World Cup because in 1969 Israel established diplomatic relations with Singapore where there was an Israeli embassy in Singapore. Indonesia? How come Ketum PSSI Erick Tohir doesn't reject Israel? qta don't have diplomatic relations with israel?
u20 world cup draw &amp; The Israel National Team will only play in Papua so that Indonesian football will be safe
"After hearing and reading the many rejections by the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup it illustrates that many Indonesians easily make decisions not based on consideration. Even though Israel's rejection does not guarantee Palestine is free from colonialism."
"What PDIP Wayan Koster Ganjar PKS HTI FPI &amp; MUI must know. Russia was penalized while it was still in the World Cup qualifying round so it had not qualified for the World Cup while Israel legally qualified for the U20 World Cup so it cannot be equated .and the host can't refuse it"
"fifa cancels the drawing for the u20 world cup 2023 grgr gub.bali koster doesn't allow israel to play in ri ganjar purnomo sama. oh football fans in Indonesia don't vote for pdip and the people of bali don't have guests coming spectators don't vote for a koster to to be the governor of bali again"
that's the mindset of rejecting u20israel in indonesia bringing sanctions from fifa for indonesia - primitive brains fit to live in the stone age !!!
Is it really related to the football competition with the Israeli occupation? If it's Palestine how about participating in the U20 competition or not? If Israel rejects that then how will FIFA react to Indonesia?
"Football (in this case a sport) and politics are two different entities. Israel's u20 children came not with guns in their hands but talents in the field of football. There are so many people who don't know about this."
"What PDIP Wayan Koster Ganjar PKS HTI FPI and MUI must remember. If the U20 World Cup fails to be held in Indonesia and FIFA sanctions fall then the losers will not be Israel and Palestine but Indonesia itself. If Israel and Palestine can still compete internationally
How about the issue of the Israeli national team's refusal to take part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia?.. Bang Erick you have to be firm... also about Persebaya vs Arema who should be held at SBY but why are they playing at Arema's cage?
"I support Ganjar. Focus on building Central Java so that it will become a track record when running for president later. Domestic affairs are very qualified there are opponents. International affairs have not been tested eeh they even made a blunder in dealing with Israel at WC U20 pretend to continue Soekarno's mandate. The fans say protect Jokowi"
"dear mas bud... you have probably been in the party for more than 10 years and of course you already know your party very well... is the issue of the Israeli football team also like Rommel...? it should have been stopped at the moment of recommendation"
"Israel passed WC U20 Palestine qualified for the Asian Cup if Indonesia was banned by FIFA because it failed to be a good host.... Later Israel and Palestine only said ""we are sorry for what happened to Indonesia"" hehe"
"To be honest I personally can't stop thinking about the people" who rejected the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup and why did the rejection come from politics then for example later Indonesian football will be sanctioned and banned by do you want to be responsible? Don't mix football with politics okay? "
"All this time what have you got for defending Palestine to the death? What if you refuse Israel to play in the U20 World Cup it is very stupid if Indonesia is banned by FIFA"
"Israel is an colonial murderous country seizing the rights of the Palestinian state and people. If we allow Israel to play on the world map like the U20 it's the same as us recognizing the country. This is related to humanity and we have been colonized so we really understand the meaning of suffering"
One side is happy if Indonesia has a strong stance against Israel and let the world know about FIFA's injustice in dealing with politics in football between Israel and Russia. Both colonizers but different actions. On the other hand you can't watch WC U20 live :(
"Those who reject Israel do you know that Palestine isn't even affected by this? In fact they have good football and are above Indonesia Israel who was rejected also continues to compete in the U20 World Cup and later the senior world cup qualifiers. We just watch and even get hit penalty"
"PSSI has won the U20 World Cup bidding from 2019 who knows Israel will qualify for Anjir it wasn't just yesterday that Israel passed it oh no. You're waiting for the ball don't you know if you choose a host first then qualify wow"
"participating in this prestigious event. . Israel has passed the FIFA qualification. . Indonesia's position is only as a bidding host for the U20 World Cup which must comply with FIFA regulations regarding the process for countries to become participants. . Once again we are not the ones who control it neither we want.."
"It was carried out in Bali due to the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team. FIFA sanctions will definitely exist the obvious impact will be 'isolating' the existence of Indonesian football in the eyes of the world. Try using the logic Indonesia will host the 2023 U20 World Cup not as the party that invited Israel"
where were the old politicians at the start Israel was confirmed to qualify for the u20 world cup. Why is there such a fuss in injury time? sucks.
"I'm sorry sir in advance you refuse the Israeli national team to participate in the U20 World Cup my suggestion is maybe you tell me sir so that Indonesia doesn't have to be the host or if you do you refuse Israel if you can set it so that FIFA will follow your wishes"
"It is very unfortunate if this really happens Palestine which we defend in terms of the quality of its football is much better than us (rank fifa 95) Israel which we reject is even more prestigious in the international arena and still continues to compete in the U20 world cup although (1) "
"slots were taken by Argentina Indonesia was punished by FIFA the U20 Cup did not automatically participate also the Asian Cup did not participate while Israel and Palestine only said ""we are concerned about what happened to Indonesia"" haha"
"No one is allocated sir the PKS will get additional votes because of the protest of the finalists in the U20 Israel there are more and more people who are disgusted with the political party the winner is golput"
poor athlete u20israel. Because of their government they are victims. just want to compete hard to refuse everywhere. Moreover Indonesia is very hostile to Israel. even though the conflict is a neighboring country. but also follow. get well
"akmal marhali: israel's rejection at the u20 world cup embarrasses fifa indonesia has the potential to be sanctioned"
Try to mention which countries' participants refused to allow Israel to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia? If almost everyone in Russia refuses to participate in the World Cup that's why Russia bans UEFA and FIFA
"For people who desperately support Israel to be allowed to come to the Indonesian U20 World Cup it's better to watch the torture of the Israeli army against the Palestinian people. Don't be those football lovers' accounts that are watched by girls with cleavage dancing on tiktok. The generation is stupid"
"Soon the rewards will also drop because of the statement against the Israeli national team FIFA has canceled the drawing in Indonesia Qatar has volunteered for the possibility of the U20 wc being canceled in Indonesia... I"
"It should have been cancelled apart from the arrival of Israel. But from the events of the right it is appropriate that the U20 World Cup be canceled"
"I'm fed up with the party that cheers for Israel in the u20 world cup just to look for face to find time shit"
netizens who don't have a problem with the Israeli U20 national team playing in Indonesia
"Israel comes with the potential for bad actions from radical groups an opportunity for them to prove that they are fighting jihad against the right enemy. It would be better if the U20 World Cup was canceled. Plus politicians are taking public sympathy by speaking out against it."
"Definitely or not they are refusing Israel to come or not. The point is that Indonesia wants to host the U20 World Cup it depends on Indonesia itself not because of other countries."
"Friends of Israel surely you don't care about this do you think the important thing is that the U20 World Cup will continue in their country?"
Solo is ready to secure the U20 event. The middle ground solution is that all the matches for the Israel National Team will be held at the Manahan Stadium Solo and Mas Wali and Solo residents are ready to secure the event with all the consequences.
"I agree it's cancelled. If possible the U20 world cup event should also be cancelled. Because the Israeli problem is so big politicians are bringing it up to seek political sympathy. And in the end Jokowi is definitely wrong."
"Those idiots who pretend to use Bung Karno's arguments for refusing Israel to play at the U20 World Cup I don't even think I'll dare face to face to beat up Israelis. It's anti-Semitic anti-Semitic actually. -saleelsawarim again marrrrah."
"not to mention the class of police chiefs even the class of countries are afraid of threats at the u20 world cup with the participation of israel"
"drawing of the u20 world cup canceled after the Israeli polemic: PSSI measures risk continues stadium inspection"
"Indonesia if you don't want to take risks with Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup please don't bid yourself to host a FIFA event. Israel is a member of FIFA they have the right to take part in FIFA events with the official rules that apply we don't rule "
"If not rejected the beginning of the opening of Indonesia-Israel diplomatic relations. Even giving the quota for the U20 World Cup host is suspicious. Israel and the US were behind Indonesia's success as host"
Reportedly Argentina is ready to bend Indonesia to host the FIFA World Cup U20 due to Israel's wave of rejection in Indonesia. oh...
"In the midst of the polemic on the Indonesian U20 World Cup which is in danger of being canceled due to the rejection of the Israeli national team history presents articles related to the world cup &amp; Indonesia. The habit of these sites to present historical information in the midst of current issues that are sticking out is an effective way to popularize history."
"I used to hope that Indonesia would host the U20 World Cup. When I was just chosen to be the host the fuss was about why Jis wasn't chosen as one of the venues. When I was about to start the tournament I realized I was making a fuss about Israel's membership. hehehehe"
"After the Kanjuruhan tragedy that claimed the lives of hundreds of people we are not afraid to be banned by FIFA Israel has killed millions of Palestinians we must support the time when we play U20 FIFA boycott Israel in order to achieve world peace."
"Politicians are very clear about Israel's participation in the Pildun-U20 what were the recommendations regarding yesterday's recommendations?"
"Politicians are very clear about Israel's participation in the Pildun-U20 what were the recommendations regarding yesterday's recommendations?"
Argentina is already sounding ready to run for the U20 World Cup if Indonesia is cancelled. come on bro show your pride meet israel supporters in a neutral place.
let's tag everyone who rejected the israel u20 team
"The polemic drawing that failed at the U20 World Cup had a long tail. FIFA indeed banned Russia immediately at the Qatar World Cup because of military aggression against Ukraine. So why Israel's rejection in Indonesia cannot be accepted by FIFA? Isn't it the same politics?"
First read the big words 'Those who reject Israel at the 2023 U20 World Cup' Are you sure that Mr. Karno has ever said that he rejected Israel at the 2023 U20 World Cup?
"You don't have to be too exaggerated just let Israel take part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia why is it being banned for humanitarian reasons if for humanitarian reasons give justice to the victims of the law"
the central government is still having a headache thinking about how to get the israel u20 national team to appear at the u20 wc. gp even rejected the israel national team u20 !! Is that not a betrayal of Pak Jokowi?
"The wave of rejection of the Israeli U20 national team at the U20 FIFA World Cup set a bad precedent. We violated the agreement signed when we submitted it. In 2019 we made an agreement with FIFA then suddenly at the end we asked for all kinds of things. This is a violation"
"refuse Israel where other countries have no problem even the prime minister of Palestine has issued a statement that there is no problem if Indonesia wants to accept Israel at WC U20"
"If Israel refuses to participate in U20 for reasons of the UUD45 mandate carry out the UUD5 mandate de jure. East Indonesia Papua Kalimantan. We are not RIS. This ball is not politics or sentiments of belief."
the impact of the israel team's refusal at the current fifa world cup u20 is that the draw is postponed. currently PSSI itself is looking for a way so that Indonesian football is not ostracized by the world football ecosystem
must also reject its implementation don't just reject Israel. turn down the party too dong. refusing the U20 World Cup to be held in Indonesia is just gentle
the hopes of hurray people have vanished to make land u20..by bringing up the Palestinian issue of Israel
"No diplomatic relations Ridwan Kamil asks Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup to be evaluated"
"With the failure of the U20 the Israeli Palestine issue also failed... hooray for the cats"
"Greetings Mr. Ganjar. I am someone who idolizes you supporting you since 2018. I consider you to be one of the best sons of the nation in this country. Is it true that you refuse Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup? If it is true I am very disappointed with you because you have mixed politics with football ball"
"When Cebong Kadrun united when Den was led to lead a demonstration with FPI HTI or 212 GNPF mui rejected the Israeli U20 National Team in front of Monas. warbyasah !!"
"A country full of drama and misguidance. (He said) for the sake of Palestine we sacrificed our world of sports especially football. And the funny thing is the Palestinian country doesn't even mind the Israeli U20 national team playing in Indonesia. So what are we actually defending and fighting for? ego and politics?"
expel the israel u20 national team.
gegerrrrr world cup u20 indo. yesterday where did not reject israel . Why did you suddenly refuse to implement it now? gur hu with huuuuuuuuu!!
Bro with your videos you say that the country cannot lose to radical mass organizations! Why are you so pessimistic now? Please be consistent in supporting Israel U20 to Indonesia
"1. 2019 won the bidding to host the U20 World Cup 2. 2022 Israel passed the European qualification 3. 2023 Bali & Central Java refused.. whichever is the same" it's before the election
"The Indonesian public is divided between accepting and rejecting the presence of the Israeli team in the U20 World Cup 20 May – 11 June 2023. However the government of the Republic of Indonesia is believed to allow Israel to participate."
"The central government is getting dizzy thinking about how to prevent the Israeli national team from being rejected at the Indonesia WC U20 e... instead they are being punished for rejecting the U20 Israeli national team. Really don't respect Pak Jokowi. GP"
"I'm not pro Israel I hate Israel too but please I want to see the U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
"Indonesia doesn't have any influence if Israel doesn't appear. PKS and PDIP don't lose the country also earns a loss. Prepare FIFA to choose another country for you at the 2023 U20 World Cup. Come on let's boycott all Israeli goods. Let's keep Indonesia's authority together to defend Palestine as pks said
"When Ganjar Pranowo and FPI HTI Apa 212 unite to reject the Israeli U20 National Team when Cebong Kadrun unites that's where Indonesia becomes funny"
the dignity of all Indonesian people will not fall just because of a ball game. will not only fall under FIFA sanctions.. in fact the dignity &amp; the dignity of all Indonesian people..will fall if it facilitates..u20..israel..tramples its feet on mother earth. killer zionist!!
"It's already clear...rejecting the Israeli U20 national team..the problem is whether you accept or reject it...it's your business...it's a hassle...we're just trying Allah azza wa jalla decides...you're sure I don't understand...and one more thing...this is proof that you fell asleep during history class..."
"So the reward for wanting to be with FPI HTI or 212 GNPF MUI is participating in a demonstration against the arrival of the Israeli U-20 national team at Monas. Warbyasah... when Cebong and Kadrun unite to reject the Israeli U-20 national team to Indonesia..."
Indonesia does not have diplomatic relations with Israel.. which means it is illegal... to bring in... the U20 national team.. Israel. pssi... don't be insistent. xixixixi xixixixi.
unlawful... the israel u20 national team set foot on mother earth.
for the governor who refuses the israel team to play at u20. So you have to be responsible if FIFA imposes sanctions on Indonesia and Indonesia can't participate in FIFA events in the future. political year all politicized...think!
there is the chairman of the Islamic mass organization..which says there is no apology for palestine if we reject the israel u20 national team...I said...the benefits are great for Pakistan and the pressure is also great for israel to comply with UN resolutions
"After hearing and reading the many rejections by the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup it illustrates that many Indonesians easily make decisions not based on consideration."
"How smart? He's an invader a murderer an oppressor how come he's respected facilitated... common sense &amp; common conscience must question... how do all the Palestinian people feel... killers can play... football. xixixixi xixixixi. in Indonesia. stop u20 israel."
That's because of the reward for refusing the Israeli U20 national team to Indonesia. Not being a president alone has harmed and damaged why Indonesia is so big. let alone being president. beware!!!
this is the moment you should protest boycotts of the israel u20 national team!!!!
"What do you mean brother the condition is simalakama? If in the end U20 is cancelled then we must be ready & willing to accept the bitter pills that will harm the nation? Did the apparatus turn out to be that powerless & hopeless to face the group? even though the Israeli team had also been to high-risk Muslim countries then. ..?"
"Allow the Israeli national team to play the U20 World Cup if possible make it a group with Indonesia. So that there is a tactical battle between the colonizing nation and the former colonized or still colonized."
there are 2 things that reject u20 israel; - some refused because of religion initiated by PKS &amp; ppp - there are also those who refuse because of the political views of the pdi-p both types of refusal are wrong for football lovers! because sport has nothing to do with religious dogma &amp; police
It's impossible without Israel because it has passed the qualifications and meets the criteria for participating in the U20 World Cup.. the options are only 2.. 1. carry it out with Israel in it 2. it doesn't happen because of Israel.. so the choice and will is in PSSI and Pakdhe
"I'm afraid of statues I'm afraid of piles of stones I'm afraid of selling pork fried rice I'm afraid of the Israeli U20 football team. What religion is this???"
even though if the results of the draw for Indonesia U20 can meet Israel U20 and win then that victory is part of the victory over humanity in Palestine a new spirit for Palestine to keep fighting..
breaking news: fifa cancels u20 world cup draw
"The presence or absence of U20 Israel playing in Indo terrorists is still there... how come the reasoning is so narrow Deny. In fact true nationalists are disappointed with those who reject the Israeli team... it's clear that FIFA's statutes are not political and racist..."
It's really bad that Indonesia during the Soekarno era was almost in the world cup but wow because it refused to fight Israel now it wants to host the U20 world cup so it's chaotic because Israel has qualified even though Israel has never even qualified
statementman pak mahfud and the chief of the national police have guaranteed security for wc u20 participants including israel
my social media today: tiktok: ceo tiktok at the usa congress session. instagram: draw for the u20 world cup was canceled by fifa because the governor of bali and several other parties in indonesia rejected israel. Twitter: A random thread ends with a Shopee link. momenttttt
"It was Israel's national team's turn to qualify for the U20 World Cup & Konoha as the host suddenly many of them memorized the contents of the opening of the Republic of Indonesia's constitution but it was the turn of the Konoha people themselves who were refused to worship refused to build houses of worship all of them forgot the contents of the opening of the 45th constitution.."
"Besides Israelis who came when they were young the oldest were the staff it was impossible to bring supporters too (the visa was not accepted). Just as a participant in the U20 World Cup it didn't invite cooperation between countries the group stage also dropped immediately and went home can't be naturalized."
for example israel enters the wc u20 final still playing in singapore?
"What can determine the U20 Israel national team to play is the world soccer organization namely FIFA they have qualified. It is not the Kadrun group that can determine let alone be linked to the presidential candidate copras. No!! It has to be pure 24-carat football."
"It's certain that FIFA will cancel the U20 drawing. Gybernul Bali Iwayan Koster refused to let the Israeli team come to Indonesia while the venue for one of them is in Bali. Indonesian football lovers enjoy."
"The demo project is quiet while there is Israel U20 why not take advantage of it"
"Boss do you have a problem with Israel? Do you respect Palestine? I think that the u20 national team is not the same fate. What if the world cup is cancelled then FIFA bans Indonesian soccer. How can you try to work hard and not win the salary..."
those who reject u20 israel have primitive brains fit to live in the stone age
That's not the case bro Densus88 why is it associated with the all-bomb - Israel's U20 only play soccer
"Ganjar's rejection of the Israeli U20s to compete in Indonesia has at least somewhat disappointed Indonesian football fans. Why did Ganjar join in rejecting the presence of the Israeli U20s who think "rejecting that"? His brain is primitive ancient suitable for living in ancient times - you don't know if the world is currently in your hands."
"From the start you shouldn't just take part in the bidding even though you already know that Israel is also a FIFA member who could qualify to play at WC U20"
"This is a list of those who rejected Israel in the Indonesian U20 world cup starting from political parties mass organizations to governors"
"But it's a shared host that can be a solution things that U20 hosts don't think about are like other smart solutions to invite participants to boycott Israel's debut. Like Czech Sweden & Poland boycott Russia &amp; press FIFA especially WCU20 there are 5 other Muslim majority countries Iraq & 4 Africa"
"study the root cause first and then speak up politics" "oh politics is true... but fifa & uefa themselves mix it into football if you think it's fair israel continues to play normally in the u20 world cup without any exceptions so weird "
Instead of canceling it just make Indonesia into 1 group with Israel in the U20 World Cup so that the winner will be found out...
said Agil Siradj rejected the Israel U20 national team coming to Indonesia: why is it against the Koran?
"a new challenge in the world of football in Indonesia hopefully we can get through the u20 world cup polemic regarding the israel team. congratulations on innovating sir in Indonesian football. football is a world sport football is not world politics"
c'mon local governments all over Indonesia reject the israel u20 football national team.......
"Just make the sepak takraw world championship even if you want u20 kek u30 kek u75 kek Israel will definitely not participate."
in the u20 world cup unfortunately israel qualified for the group stage &amp; Coincidentally the host Indonesia added that in the previous event there was a FIFA background which brought political elements to the 2022 World Cup so the point is that FIFA should first clarify why it is discriminatory against Russia but not doing the same thing with Israel?
Is Erick the rich OK OK but now the buzzer is confused about the U20 World Cup being held in Indo. the buzzer yes there are those who support Israel to play but those who support nyapres don't support Israel to play. so let him make a fuss over his brain even though he doesn't have a brain hahaha
"The central government is still thinking about how WC U20 will run smoothly and there is no rejection of Timans Israel U20 instead Ganjar made a blundering statement! I am very disappointed with Pak Ganjar"
"the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia clearly has no problem with the arrival of the Israeli u20 national team to Indonesia the Palestinian ambassador also advised the difference between politics and sports.
"At the end of June 2022 it is certain that the Israeli team will qualify for the FIFA event the U20 finals in Jakarta. But strangely how come the rejection is only making a fuss now."
"If you get sanctioned by FIFA do you want to replace a living or salary for people whose lives depend on football... Palestine-Israel which obviously will not lose money because it is not subject to sanctions and while Palestinian officials allow Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup"
sadissss.. how? Still refusing the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup later? still want to mix up the Palestinian-Israeli conflict with sports that have no correlation at all? open your mind guys..
"Because of the issue of rejecting the Israeli U20 national team the draw has been cancelled we just have to wait for Indonesia to cancel the 2023 U20 World Cup after which 9 sanctions were imposed on FIFA as follows..."
"Russia is banned from appearing in 2022 then because of the invasion of Ukraine how come we ban Israel from appearing at the U20 is problematic?? Fifa is not consistent!!!!"
"At Euro U-19 2022 the Israeli team won 2nd place the French team lost 3-1 against the Israeli team so if we meet vs the Indonesian U20 team on paper it could be the Indonesian team that the Israeli team lost Jhon."
but if the status of the host at u20 is canceled by fifa or transferred to another country then the end of the world for Indonesian football will occur and those who are most responsible will be the people who rejected the arrival of the israel u20 national team
"When it comes to security don't doubt the National Police &amp; TNI... that's been proven at the G20 event especially if there is a bin that should be wise & neutral in this political year hand it over & trust the government can handle it... I don't think Mega has ever forced a reward talking about rejecting the israel u20 national team sometimes silence is golden"
"It's impossible to leave FIFA.
it needs to be proven again what percentage of the decline in the electability of Ganjar Pranowo after rejecting the Israeli U20 national team. I'm sure it drops!!!
"It's impossible to get kicked out of FIFA... you don't have to. Indonesia will still be the host for U20... don't worry. We don't have diplomatic relations with Israel FIFA understands how come..."
"good luck u20 was canceled because of israel's rejection...please form you 19.5 without israel in ungaran kebumen purworejo"
What does Israel's rejection of WC U20 have to do with Palestine? please check Palestine's own attitude regarding the Israeli national team here
after the video of Soekarno's rejection of Israel finally the PDIP cadres including Ganjar rejected the presence of the Israeli U20 national team to Indonesia..... that's it.....
"Actually I'm not the type to get carried away easily. However this time is different. I have to admit that the polemic for the Israeli national team at WC U20 quite absorbed my emotions and focus."
"Why should the focus be on Israel? The basis is because they are Palestinian occupiers? OK that makes sense. But it has to be fair too how are the other participants like the United States and England how are you? If you say that Israel also violated human rights? Hmmmm try to skin all the U20 world cup participants ~"
"The thoughts that rejected the Israeli U20s competing in Indonesia are ancient primitive thoughts that are suitable for living in the stone age/ancient era haha ​​they don't seem to realize that nowadays the world is in ""grip"" think and think real don't feel sensational ~ not quality e"
refusing the israel national team to play in indonesia is one effective way to set fire to the big stage e. let's go! vote louder so that the cost of organizing the u20 world cup will be even greater. in this republic there is no such thing as a free concert.
"what is the solution for the pros and cons of the arrival of the israel national team at the u20 world cup in indonesia after fifa canceled the draw for the tournament on march 31 in bali? live: football observer m wildan streaming:"
the beginning of the rejection of the israel u20 national team from pks and the crowds in yogya were related to the pressure of the islamic jihad front mass organization so that the chief of police did not want to name the mass organization. Why is all this commotion always related to religion?
Unexpectedly the governors of Bali and Central Java rejected the Israel U20 National Team. I hope the government's voice is unanimous about Israel. salute. and there has to be a way out just like kicking the russians in the qatar toilets.
"here's the sentence: ""in principle we support the event on u²⁰ including the presence of the israel team. however...... """
"Leaders please be firm Israel has definitely passed from July 1 2022 many times you meet the president of FIFA Menpora Ketum PSSI discuss the U20 World Cup but why has this never been discussed? Instead discuss trivial things like asking for a festive opening etc. please"
"Security angle? Doesn't the government through bin army & police have the ability to maintain security if the israel u20 national team plays in Indonesia bro? how come it seems that we underestimate the strength of the government and our army and police? are our apparatus and government so weak?"
1. Indonesia rejects the Israeli team because it defends Palestine 2. Canceled as host at U²⁰ 3. PSSI is banned by FIFA in all international events 4. Israel &amp; the Palestinian team continues to compete in all international events 5. Indonesia just watch
"The governor of Central Java Ganjar refused to allow the Israeli National Team to compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Of course this statement has shocked netizens. At least from here we can see the firmness of a Ganjar. Make decisions that are not popular. Rewards are perpendicular to the party's decisions."
Bidding to be the host of FWC U20 but I'm not ready to come to Israel what's the story?
the Palestinian ambassador said there was no problem with Israel's participation in U20 because he was sure that Indonesia would still support 100% free Palestine...
Genuinely curious where is Israel's U20 going? 2 governors who loudly refused were both red. how come suddenly aligned with the right group?
"Maybe the alias mujahid ulama Indonesia who are afraid of Israel are happy because FIFA is cancelled. This is not permitted by the Governor of Bali. Of course he is worried that the 3rd Bali Bombing will occur."
russia banned from participating in world cup qatar....for the sake of humanity. Israel is banned from participating in the U20 World Cup...don't bring politics into football. damn hypocrisy
Now I hope that FIFA U20 will still be held according to schedule but if Israel is rejected there are still other regions whose leaders have not officially rejected it. If this continues the Republic of Indonesia 1 must go down for the sake of the smooth running of this tournament I want to withdraw it's set to go again if it continues like that it's a dilemma
"if what happened there is like this news there is no regret or sadness over Indonesia's rejection in FIFA U20 (as a result of many rejecting Israel's competition). Salute to the rejecters"
Fantesan Wan Anies doesn't sound harsh about the Israeli U20 team.
"PDIP Koster Ganjar and Jokowi khan are on the same party line but tomorrow they can't have a chat internally to take a position on the Israeli team? Meanwhile PSSI is vertical to FIFA and has struggled to be trusted to host WC U20. Of course there are other interests so Koster &amp; loud refusal"
"It really sucks... yes it won't be the same Russia which boycotts many countries that don't want to play/1 group with Russia here are the people who don't accept Israel to play in the U20 World Cup only the 2024 vote-seeking officials.. there are no participants. u20 refusing to play vs israel doesn't mean they can't be hosts."
"great Israel.. only young people who came under 20 and even then no more than 50 people but already made a country afraid.. hahaa cool Israel his name is very exalted and feared."
Qatar is rumored to be able to replace Indonesia as host of the U20 World Cup. Qatar which incidentally is an Islamic country is even more open in distinguishing between football &amp; politics this is from Indonesia which is not an Islamic country.. Indonesia is ready to be banned &amp; make a loss! israeli matters
The best solution: - Israel withdraws from the U20 World Cup (although that's impossible) - Indonesia withdraws from hosting the U20 World Cup &amp; Of course the National Team failed to play in the World Cup plus it might get a FIFA sanction which is clear that Indonesia cannot refuse the participation of the Israel National Team
"The president must immediately take a stance allow the Israeli team to compete or cancel the u20 world cup. If it's cancelled then Erick can focus on building PSSI with the inter-village league being penalized by FIFA and dealing with land grabbers in Plumpang. Meanwhile PDIP Koster &amp; Rewards can we forget"
"I we can support Palestine in an elegant way not by rejecting the Israel U20 national team which will actually have a bad impact on many parties in Indonesia especially since the Palestinian delegation in Indonesia has given the green light to accept the Israeli national team to play. at u20 indonesia"
"great.. u20 israel who just came is already afraid of a country. this is how great israel it has scared people who hear it. as it is written ""cursed are the people/nations that curse you (Israel) blessed are the people/nations that bless you ( Israel)"""
I want to try to criticize the Israeli national team's refusal to compete in the FWC-U20 which will take place in Indonesia this year from the point of view of a sports connoisseur and also as an Indonesian citizen who is very close to this issue.
Mr. Ketum should tell that Indonesia withdrew from hosting the U20 World Cup because there were 2 governors who refused Israel's participation. for 2 governors must be responsible to Indonesian citizens in general and football lovers in particular.
is this the first time israel has entered the u20 world cup?
"Israel has passed the u20 world competition on March 29 2022 but maybe most of us are just now realizing it. btw the standings and knockout rounds also need to be looked at later if Iraq/Indonesia/Tunisia meet Israel and refuse to compete against Israel because there is no diplomatic link israel will win wo."
"What I'm confused about israel has already qualified for the u20 world cup last year so why are they just protesting against it now?"
"Many do not understand that the status of Palestine has not been fully recognized as a country by the United Nations therefore Israel's actions cannot be sanctioned and differentiate between football and politics. The Israel U20 national team does not determine Israel's military policy in Palestine."
u20 world cup vs israel joining or not... what makes it unfair is fifa.. russia can't take part in the 2022 world cup.. .
"You feel that you are the most Pancasilaist you obey the constitution and the constitution in fact for the sake of defending Israel you want to set aside the mandate of the UUD isn't that part of radicalism. The state order is being challenged for the sake of hosting U20. Hahaha it hurts huh"
"It's a hassle"" running for the U20 World Cup host instead gets banned you sharpen it yourself what's clear is "" Israel exists I hope Israel doesn't qualify that's how Indonesia passes the host path"
"israel is great those who come to u20 are afraid of one country +62 especially those whose father is a u20 player it's over"
"It's really complicated to just have the U20 world cup. Political people are busy looking for sympathy with divorce and rejection. Even though Israel has been away from when you know uh the fuss is just now. Even those in power have joined in divorce. Are you looking for sympathy in 2024 huh? That's why I don't like politics !!"
"FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup draw because there was resistance especially from regional heads. Even though as long as it's not a bilateral relationship it's fine for Israel to play football. Even the Palestinian ambassador understands Indonesia's condition. If you want to fight go to the UN forum."
"What is the solution for the pros and cons of the arrival of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia after FIFA canceled the draw for the tournament on March 31 in Bali?"
"Dear Wayan Koster and a number of other politicians. If Indonesia gets banned just because of your instructions Israel refuses to play U20 in Indonesia it's purely your fault -thread-"
"How about a double standard the one who got banned was Uefa first because European countries didn't want to play against Russia... FIFA just follows Uefa's message if for example the countries participating in WC U20 don't want to fight Israel they can be banned like Russia."
"The country shouldn't be afraid of these groups...the u20 pildun must go on...there may be an option taken miss: the government's suggestion to the FIFA football authorities not to allow the singing of the national anthem and the Israeli flag while the Israeli team is playing...but to refuse disagree"
The solution is Israel joins U20 but also plays in Indonesia but in Singapore
"4. PDI-P with Mas Ganjar and Wayan Koster will step forward and join in rejecting Israel 5. PKS will not turn into a mass mobilization demonstration which could become chaotic because it is the same as increasing Mas Ganjar's popularity 6. The U20 World Cup runs smoothly 7. Smart scenario friends reward ojo panic"
"So why is Indonesia so excited about bidding to host the U20 World Cup if in the end the "last minutes" reject the participants (Israel)? It seems that a president needs firmness to decide we will see..."
1. pks &amp; mui strongly rejects israel's participation in the u20 world cup by preparing several actions which of course will fry a lot.. until now you understand.
Akmal Marhali said that Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup was politically charged
go to hell with u20 just play there in hell with israel
"Wkkk. Listen to why only one country is Israel afraid when Israel comes after sports there is no relationship with the Zionist Drun. After all the Indonesian senior national team against the Palestinian senior national team is not sure to win especially against the Israeli national team..wkkk I hope U20 Israel will win. "
you know.. as life has never violated your laws..!!! c'mon men.. our u20 kids are ready to crush israel in the field!!!!
I suggest to all U20 Israel National Team delegations who will come to Indonesia to use diplomatic passports to answer the impasse. make football a bridge between Indonesia and Israel diplomacy. Haha
"Actually there are still a lot of hanging questions at this point the sudden excessive political reaction to the implementation of the U20 World Cup with the theme of the rejection of the Israeli team.... have we ever thought this is related to the elimination of the tigers from the PSSI ranks...???"
The u20 world cup is still going on but Israel is not participating how can it be? :(
"And even the Palestinian ambassador himself has given a statement that it's not a problem for Israel to play at the U20 World Cup so Indonesia is like ""why is Indonesia so hot even though countries that are victims of Israel are welcome?"""
"Rejection because this matter is against the UUD'45 why are you bringing up religion? It's just like being religious? u20 can play here kolak."
"Governor Koster Governor Ganjar and PDIP are in the same camp as Pak Jokowi can't you just "talk" about the Israeli team? Erick Thorhir's tackle move... and don't want to go global somplak"
so is it true that the figures who reject the Israeli u20 think about the fate of the people &amp; indonesian nation???....mark &amp; determine your attitude / choice... just be free... healthy greetings..
Sir I want to ask if you reject Israel or do you support Palestine? Indonesia has recently become the host and the U20 national team is playing why do you know how to make a statement like me?
The preparation for Manahan Std and the training field in Solo for the U20 took too long... had to disappear because of anti-Israel... I hope there is a way out...
not pro israel but it really doesn't make sense to refuse a country that has indeed passed the u20 world cup just because it doesn't match the wishes of the cons. they are here to play football not politics.
"Look forward to an interactive discussion with the theme: what is the solution to the pros and cons of the Israeli national team coming to the U20 World Cup in Indonesia after FIFA canceled the draw for the tournament on March 31 in Bali? Sunday March 26 2023."
"Ma'am since I have the right to vote I have always chosen the PDIP and the candidate that is being stretched but for 2024 if Indonesia fails to host the U20 due to the rejection of the Israeli team then I will be the first person not to vote for the PDIP and its candidate."
"What's so scary bro how come it seems like bin TNI and Polri don't have any security anticipation if the Israel U20 national team plays in Indonesia?"
"Sir you once owned shares of the Italian giant football club Milan.
"It turns out that 212 is not alone in rejecting the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia there are the governors of Bali & Ganjar Pranowo the governors of Central Java."
"That's good football in Indonesia only brings disaster the tragedy of the call to kill hundreds of people. It's great that the U20 is canceled Israel doesn't deserve to come to Indonesia."
"Horay FIFA officially cancels the U20 World Cup draw in Bali. Thank you PDIP Koster and for your refusal Indonesia can focus on inter-village leagues. If you want to host the World Cup or the Olympics just work with Singapore let Israel play there"
different attitudes from those who refuse because they see it from a political perspective while looking at it from a sporting perspective brings a message of peace and strongly supports the arrival of the Israeli football national team for the success of the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"In this U20 World Cup event the role of the state is very important in this struggle. By allowing Israel to play in Indonesia it is very clear that Indonesia recognizes the existence of the Israeli state. Do the figures who have an interest and have many vocal voices not understand this?"
"Just note that important people who refuse the U20 Israeli football team to play in Indonesia if Indonesia gets punished by FIFA they will be banned for life from coming to national team matches."
"Just give Israel to play at U20 WC. Keep on coming watching cheering and cheering every time you hold the ball I think it's more effective than refusing to come instead of being suspended by PSSI."
"Israel's problems in the U20 world cup are like simalakadut fruit. Whatever actions are taken there must be cons.
"Note! those who reject the presence of the Israeli national team competing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia: what is 212 the governor of Bali the governor of Central Java. How come they are in tune???"
"In my opinion the U20 World Cup must still be held even with the presence of Israel maybe the wisest way for the Indonesian people to reject Israel is not to watch and empty the stadium when they are playing not by refusing to hold the tournament."
"Really if you think about it these rotten people who politicize religion are the culprits.
"If you want the case to be the same it means that since qualifying Israel must be banned from Uefa. Or if you want all U20 participants agree to refuse to compete with Israel.. It's not Indonesia that forbids Israel from coming"
"Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup with runner-up status at the U19 European Cup which was held in Slovakia. They lost 1-3 to England in the final. In the history of the U20 World Cup tournament this is the first time Israel has qualified from the qualifying round."
"reject the arrival of the israel national team in the u20 world cup will indonesia get heavy sanctions from fifa?"
"rejection of the israel u20 football team. if it really happened the effect would be: - baneed from fifa for indonesia from all fifa agendas for all ages - ban on indonesian players playing outside indonesia but palestine did not get banned indonesia got hit."
"Even if in the end Israel can take part in the U20 World Cup I'm not sure that security will be guaranteed if the homebase is in Java there will be acts of terror/riots made by Madrid organizations for Israeli officials/teams do you know the Madrid organizations? Do you know that or not"
I see dear sir actually there is no problem with this rejection which is the problem why is it only now that Israel is rejecting Koar Koar? Where were you yesterday? Or maybe you don't know that in the area a stadium and several facilities for the U20 World Cup are being prepared?
"pro-cons of the u-20 world cup amid the issue of Israel's rejection: if the u20 world cup continues the military / police will have a very big task to protect participants from security threats. sentiment towards israel will be very large and it will be a difficult task for the apparatus. The u20 world cancellation has a big impact."
"If in this way our football gets punished then the rejection of the presence of the Israeli U20 national team deserves support."
"Supporting WC U20 continues according to the contestants who qualify doesn't mean they are pro Israel and anti Palestine but this is pro for Indonesia as the host."
"Indonesian football is grieving again due to humanitarian statements refusing the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup which was held in Indonesia. How about this sir?"
"Isn't it true that we can't act like that. Even though Israel has passed the 2023 U20 World Cup through qualification we only have the capital to be hosts so we can enter the world cup like Qatar yesterday."
"It's difficult if there are still many people who are hooked" in sports and politics & religion.. Palestine itself doesn't have a problem with Israel participating Iran - America are in turmoil in politics but in football they played together in the world cup yesterday.. this is actually coming"" play banned""israel joins the u20 world cup"
Indonesia cq PSSI advanced as host before knowing Israel would qualify for WC U20.
fix.. those who refuse Israel to take part in the U20 world cup they don't know what a ball is.
"Opposing Israel to play for humanitarian reasons even though in our own country there are still many humanitarian problems. Elephants in the eyelids are not visible ants across the ocean are visible. Just continue with the U20 World Cup if you get punished it will be a pity for those who depend on football for their life."
yes you should have considered it. Israeli football is not arbitrary their seeds are good. ok we are canceling the u20 world cup. the impact is extraordinary many people who depend on football. no kidding either nominally.
Those who are happy that Israel is coming to Indonesia are the average people who do not understand the Constitution and the commitment of the Indonesian nation. you want to break the constitution to host u20..
"Our U20 national team should have been well prepared then we competed against the Israeli U20 team and we won 8: 0 this makes us all proud."
"The one who understands UUD the most what's the difference is that the Israeli delegation was received at the time even though it was more political than the u20 world cup event."
"If FIFA cancels Indonesia from hosting the U20 World Cup Israel will lose nothing Palestine which Indonesia is fighting for will gain nothing. Indonesia must have suffered a lot of losses. The fruit of the lust to pretend to be an overslept hero you don't use common sense."
Only terrorists want to destroy Indonesian football by expelling the Israeli team and thwarting the U20 World Cup. get ready for Densus 88's love letter to arrive.
since israel qualified for the u20 world cup you know for sure. I have predicted from several months ago that it will be crowded. but sure that PSSI and the government have mitigation actions to handle Israel's participation. just ngeles don't know
"In the end the impact of the rejection of the 2 governors of Bali & Central Java made Indonesia injured right? What's the benefit? Instead what you get is a stump! Don't engage in politics in the world of sports! I support the GP but in terms of the rejection of the Israeli U20 team I strongly condemn it."
To be honest I still hope for President Ganjar in 2024. But after the statement about Israel being banned from entering Indonesia for the U20 World Cup.
"the pro israel period: Indonesia is very complicated like this when the election is near! Everyone gets involved in the political sphere !! don't think about how many people will be harmed if Indonesia fails to organize the u20 world cup. anti israel period: it's better for indonesia to be frozen by fifa rather than land…"
even though the Israeli u20 team also has several Muslim Arab ethnicities.
"Indonesia is said to be a big country even the U20 Israel National Team are scared! The KKB which has 15 people are also scared! Who dares? With the mothers?"
"The participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup tournament does not harm Palestine in the slightest this is purely a sport where Indonesia is appointed as the host by FIFA. From the start among political parties the party fully supports the success of the U-20 Word Cup in Indonesia."
like this if people don't understand that football is in PSSI the rejection occurred after the Israeli team passed the U20 World Cup
"Hamka is indeed an arrogant person Ma'am Mega there is no coercion for the reward to talk about rejecting the Israeli national team why is the reward not silent & neutral like Mr. Budiman if it fails...the Rp. 600 billion fund that the government injected for the U20 World Cup was in vain...77 % of the people who love Indonesian football will be sorely disappointed"
Israel passed the last u20 world cup if from the start it had already passed it had been stupidly rejected
"Kanjuruhan is a tragedy with the second most victims in Indonesia. It's not appropriate for U20. Expelling Israel at the same time. Have pride. If you want to support Israel and then run for president just look at the results."
"After Tarawih I gathered in the usual place while drinking coffee... there were 12 people including me there discussing your words that refused Israel to join the u20 event out of 12 people only 2 people didn't make it the rest were very disappointed. My friends and I are thinking about choosing you sir."
"It's very troublesome it's normal like this: all the Israeli players told Az to make a statement not to colonize Palestine during the U20 period signed on a stamp duty of 10 thousand in front of a notary. I'm done playing sono already..."
"Regardless of religious sentiment we have to admit that the presence of the Israeli team in U20 has the potential to invite terrorist attacks; resulting in national chaos. This is very likely to happen. It's sad to see a good opportunity missed but maybe for the best."
"hmi: ""as a great nation and appreciates the services of the ancestors of the freedom fighters. there is no justification whatsoever for the government giving space to the Israeli Zionists at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia."""
PSSI wonders why Israel's rejection of the 2023 U20 World Cup is just getting busy now
"Why do we have to reject the arrival of the Israeli contingent at the U20 World Cup (and other events too)?"
I know Palestine is still being colonized. And I also want an independent Palestine. but not passing on u20 the way. It's useless for you to expel Israel after all Palestine is still being colonized. if you want an independent Palestine yes through diplomacy/politics not sports
Indonesia refuses Israel to come: - Government loses in preparation costs - TC U20 Team is in vain - PSSI is threatened with FIFA sanctions - Israel gains global sympathy - Palestine continues to be occupied by Indonesia 0-5 Israel
Yes because I just found out that the Israeli team passed the U20 World Cup
"Bacoott... Never mind Israel U20 vs KKB OPM FC just held the Lukas Enembe Stadium watched by Israeli army supporters OPM separatists and buzzeerp... surely the Indonesian people will be happy..."
Indonesia refuses Israel to come: - Government loses in preparation costs - TC U20 Team is in vain - PSSI is threatened with FIFA sanctions - Israel gains global sympathy - Palestine continues to be occupied by Indonesia 0-5 Israel
"The ones who came from Israel were young people who were accompanied by coaches and officials not Israeli prime ministers officials politicians or soldiers. Then by sacrificing hard work welcoming wc u20 should you prioritize personal ego?"
"Never mind let's not deny the founding fathers of this country as stated in the preamble to uu45 who are clearly against all kinds of colonialism this may be one of the struggles of our nation that dared to refuse Israel to play at u20 we will bear all the risks regarding football."
"Madrid organizations are the main actors even if later Israel can finally participate in the U20 World Cup get ready for their troops to cause chaos both at the official Israeli hotel and the stadium where the Israeli national team competes do you know who the Madrid mass organizations are? You know that"
"Then what's going on and why do people in Indonesia ban Israel from participating in the U20 World Cup? Indeed they play ball the ball is replaced with a nuclear ball"
Anyone who has banned the Israel U20 National Team from appearing in the U20 World Cup must be held responsible if the National Team is banned by FIFA
"The reason for the official draw for the U20 World Cup was canceled in Bali allegedly because of the rejection of the Israeli national team"
"So that's it the decision is clear the Gianyar stadium will be the venue for the U20 World Cup and the costs for renovations to match FIFA standards from the country. Even though they refuse the government's decision is the absolute decision. The governor didn't think much when rejecting the arrival of the Israeli U20s"
Palestine's position on the Israel U20 national team
2 governors who refused the arrival of the israel u20 national team at the 2023 indonesia u20 world cup
reject u20 world cup because of tragedy
"Running to host the U20 World Cup means the government is ready with all the risks why are now only terrorists scapegoats after the GP and the governor of Bali made a blunder in rejecting the Israeli national team"
"It's complicated with the PDIP don't give too many council seats to the party in the future. Just 9 seats. Don't have more! What would it look like if Israel didn't take part in the U20 World Cup then Palestine would be independent. If Israel and Palestine are peaceful the world will end."
"PSSI confirmed that FIFA canceled the draw or draw for the U20 World Cup group phase in Bali on March 31. The cancellation of the draw in Bali follows the governor of Bali's rejection of the arrival of the Israeli U20 team. More details at"
basically those who refuse israel u20 club are responsible for indonesian football
"Maybe during the lobby Indonesia didn't expect Israel to qualify for the U20 World Cup."
"Why is it like this? because the government and not firmly said the U20 World Cup was still taking place in Indonesia and the Israeli team was welcome to the event. It's okay to have many opinions in society but the government should still decide. What do we want to be?"
taiiii… are you the one who funded the preparations for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia? What's your solution if Israel can't play? don't babble refuse "just. your mind is so low
"This is the time for the government to show that the country is not subject to intolerant/radical groups by being able to run at U20 with the participation of a team from Israel.
"It's better to be the host of the U20 camel pee cup it's really suitable. If you give it for whatever reason you can't accept it because hatred is ingrained because from a young age you have been indoctrinated to hate and be anti-Israel."
"Indonesia will not collapse with just the cancellation of the U20 World Cup in Bali. People's safety is the law. Can you imagine if the terrorist cells who were sleeping soundly ""digareuwahkeun"" cheered the Israeli team in Bali?"
We must abolish colonialism in the world including refusing the Israeli football team to take part in the U20 World Cup match in Indonesia
"It's better to keep the 100m safe for Israel so that the U20 World Cup will continue"
waiting for a review of the rejection of the arrival of the U20 Israeli national team by Ganjar which resulted in the cancellation of the draw by FIFA
"Why is Israel also able to qualify for the U20 World Cup try if Israel does not qualify for Indonesia to enjoy holding the U20 World Cup happily why Indonesia in the eyes of the world can be elevated because of football can compete with the 2022 Qatar World Cup"
you guys who refused the arrival of the israel u20 football team.. you see the consequences right.. think about it before reading the demos...
"Central Java governor rewarded Pranowo for refusing Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup what about Gibran Rakabuming?"
"In the interests of the party the U20 World Cup is also shouted that it must be canceled because of Israel... that's strange pdip!!!!"
"yes yes yes they don't care about the future of the ball they just need the momentum to start attacking and the momentum is now coming together ahead of the presidential election at the right time from issue 300 t square israel participating in u20 ban on bukber hopefully the people stay healthy and sane and it will be fine""just"
"Israeli polemic at the U20 World Cup PSSI is looking for ways to save Indonesian football from FIFA sanctions"
"Those who rejected the Israeli national team the governor of Bali Ganjar Pranowo PDI-P PKS MUI the PA21 group so if Indonesian football is penalized then they must be held responsible. u20 world cup
"Israel please play in Indonesia! The Palestinian ambassador alone did not forbid the Israel U20 National Team from playing in Indonesia those who rejected Israel were only the political elite who were busy looking for votes for 2024"
crowded euy world cup u20 drama indonesia. it's really the right moment for us to host eh Israel passed haha
PDP is the cause of the Kanjuruhan tragedy. Sometimes they reject Israel in the u20 WC.
"The land of birth is hilarious the constitution knows what Israel knows if you can be fooled like that Israeli U20 players just use other countries' passports"
"I noticed that there was also a veiled message there so that Israel can follow U20 in Indonesia... the fact is that there is no official letter yet..."
I mean Israel has passed the U20 world cup since the beginning of the month why is there such a fuss now...
reject the israel u20 team to indonesia.
"Is 212 really intending to riot the country. How could it not be since last year Israel has already qualified for the U20 World Cup. How come it's only now making maneuvers?"
At a time when the Israeli national team was busy rejecting the cancellation of the U20 World Cup draw in Bali the voice of the former Minister of Youth and Sports had not yet been heard. is he no longer focused on managing PSSI after becoming a commissioner of Bank Mandiri? *just asking
playing the israel national team as one of the wc u20 participants does not necessarily make indonesia have diplomatic relations. we've worked hard to be the host. fit to be the host act up
"What do the governors of Bali and Central Java want? Just cancel the U20 World Cup it's been proven that our country is not friendly. The contents are masked people it's unclear. The preparation period is from 2019 they refuse it's embarrassing..selfish. Anti-Israel attitudes don't have to be tacky. Cancel sj instead of being embarrassed focus on domestic football which is still in shambles."
ahh silit all..nek for example israel playing u20 in Indonesia will be crowded..if not u20 kadrun mocks the government.aahhh it's good that the head of the kadrun was shot dead by sniper
"Regarding U20 the intention was to embarrass Jokowi not to fight for humanity when it comes to rewards and boarding fees the issue is only perpendicular to the aspirations of the founding fathers regarding Israel"
hats off to and on the issue of rejection of the israel u20 national team. Bung Karno's successor must indeed be like that. not like hasto. do not know whose successor he is.
"The difference is that Russia hasn't qualified yet Israel has. Why is the excitement not fitting in the qualification. WC U20 is a big event even though"
"Just imagine that before Indonesians were busy rejecting Israel for humanitarian reasons (especially for Palestine apart from Palestine they didn't care) Indonesia canceled the U20 World Cup title -&gt; banned Palestine continued to play in the 2023 AFC Cup Indonesia gaped and in the end the supporters were bumped by the federation"
"Just because it's going to be 2024 when they voiced their rejection of the arrival of the Israeli U20 team even though they passed last year those who were shouting forgot that Israel had ever been welcomed here?"
"PSSI is confused why is Israel rejecting the U20 World Cup only now?"
Does Indonesia really not know that the Israeli team is taking part in the U20 match?
the draw for the u20 world cup was canceled in bali after the governor of bali wayan koster rejected the israel u20 team.
"Remember don't vote for a party because you reject the Israeli National Team in the U20 World Cup these politicians are destroying the nation because they can be severely sanctioned by FIFA where is politics and sport open your heart's eyes"
"The statement by the Palestinian Ambassador to Indonesia Zuhair Al Shun does not matter if Israel comes to Indonesia as a participant in the 2023 U-20 World Cup. The Palestinian government is not a problem why are rats from political parties burning beards about the Israeli national team."
He is an American - Israeli. but invites us to reject Israhell attending the u20 world cup in Indonesia because he understands very well how cruel Israel is towards the Palestinian people and he has high hopes for the Indonesian people
Israel U20 national team supporters don't accept their team being rejected... :) Israel national team should be allowed to play in Indonesia with the condition that they don't use the Israeli flag instead of the white flag with the FIFA logo.
"Is it possible for the local government to be prosecuted especially since the stadium projects in Bali & Central Java have been repaired but instead Israel refuses. Especially if it cancels hosting the U20 World Cup if possible let's just report it"
"You don't reject the England and the United States national teams at the U20 WC how come it's only Israel? You know the atrocities of the two countries in the Middle East in Libya Iraq Syria Yemen. I'll tell you Mamarika likes to steal oil from oil refineries near the Euphrates River syria"
"Did you watch the national team at the AFF Cup yesterday? You were also proud to watch the Indonesian national team win against Burundi yesterday? You also refused to accept the Israeli national team from participating in the U20 World Cup? Congratulations! You are two-faced! Later if Indonesia doesn't have football anymore shut up! Wkwkwk "
"FIFA has been kind to Indonesia to hold it at U20 Indonesia has prepared well still because of an Israeli we are dwarfed even though the Israelis entered with great difficulty! But if you want to protest maybe other events that have Israel please protest this is on purpose too!"
"But PDIP is still unsure so Israel's U20 team must be rejected to secure the remaining 40.3% of the vote."
"Israel has been confirmed to have passed the U20 World Cup since June 2022 but why has the rejection only been echoed in less than 3 months of implementation especially from the local government and mass organizations? Why don't other Israeli athletes have any rejection when they set foot in Indonesia? Why?"
"2024 will not elect presidential/wapres candidates and those who have supporters who refuse the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 world cup in Indo because of you the Indonesian national team can get banned by FIFA because other people's countries defending their own country are made miserable mblegedessssss"
"Israel is still a participant and the U20 World Cup can be postponed and moved to another country Indonesia is banned by FIFA... Indonesia is a spectator FIFA said instead of being complicated it's been banned from all FIFA agendas it's a pity that those who depend on football both inside and outside Indonesia"
congratulations to the imbeciles without exception who have rejected the israel u20 national team...you succeeded in ruining the image of indonesia to host the u20 world cup...this is what you hoped for. the life of fools
Yes we have to be brave to be honest if we don't deserve it bro. there are still many people who cannot distinguish between sports and politics. defending palestine by refusing israel to come to the u20 world cup even though palestine itself did not refuse. this is what is called a hero in broad daylight
"Don't be confused make sure the level of security especially the national team from Israel is also good for this nation hopefully the Indonesian U20 national team can succeed at least qualifying for the top 16 which is very good especially when it reaches the quarter-finals."
"Different case. Russia being banned is in a position in the 2022 World Cup qualifying playoff while Israel has already "passed" the qualification because it is ranked 5th in U19 Uefa Youth. And Indonesia as a facilitator at the FIFA World Cup U20 2023 so the government should already know and anticipate "
FIFA officially cancels the U20 World Cup draw which was scheduled to take place in Bali on Friday (31/3/2023). The cancellation was due to rejection from various parties in the country towards Israel as a participant in the U20 World Cup. (ld)
"Israel is in the Indonesian U20 World Cup a polemic that must be resolved together. Indonesia which is the host apart from providing international standard facilities must also be able to guarantee the safety of participants including Israel."
Mr. Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup through qualification instead of the invitational route. don't know
"israel rejected fifa cancels the 2023 u20 world cup draw"
"Poor Palestinians made etawa scapegoats in the case of Israel's refusal to play at FWC U20. Why is the revenge setup always accepted by our society? Waiting for the speaker to speak up soon sir."
"I know Russia was released the context here is Indonesia as the organizer of the U20 World Cup. As far as I know Indonesia is bidding plidun u20 from 2019 Israel passed from June 2022. The news has been around for a long time why are you turning it down now?"
this is just a u20 event looo... can't imagine we insist on being the host of the fifa world cup....and the israel team qualify... is that also unbelievably rejected? ha ha ha ha
It's like the government (PSSI) was caught up and didn't realize that Israel was in the U20 World Cup. As a result it becomes a sexy issue for the kadrun.
"Even though many tourists from Israel visit Indonesia for holidays but they just enjoy themselves and the Indonesian people just stay quiet... why are they rejected when there is a big event (U20 World Cup)? Is it a political year?"
don't care israel! not caring for the u20 world cup. the most important is the homebase of Persebaya!! siji maneh mate doesn't obey p$$i!
You're also strange to say you still succeeded wc u20 without israel present?! Who made this event hilarious?! as long as people's countries are banned!
"So I'm lazy to keep up with developments in the U20 World Cup since the fuss over Israel the problem is it's not about football anymore & the people who are making a fuss aren't football fans either. But political people and their buzzers you know how people are like that when arguing"
"Don't want Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia so don't be the host. Cancel host status!!! no nego"
"An idiotic analogy how come someone thought Israel would qualify for the WC-U20 finals?? Israel has definitely passed since last year PSSI should have communicated with FIFA about the constitution in Indonesia"
Israel's success in breaking into the 2023 U20 World Cup finals is a historical record. this is the first time israel has qualified for the finals asuuuu once it has passed while playing in Indonesia... no football no martin really his fate needs to be treated!
Manado is not the host btw. I actually thought yesterday that Israel could still play at U20 because Bali was the host. but turned out to refuse
let me sort it out Israel commits crimes against humanity in Palestine Indonesia supports Palestine Indonesia becomes host of the U20 World Cup and Israel participates.
If the results of the drawing for the U20 Indonesian national team have to play with Israel U20 and the best result is obtained (win) then of course that is a big momentum for the start (again) of the struggle of the Palestinian nation being hoisted.
"I am more willing that the U20 World Cup will not be held in Indonesia rather than having to see the barbarians taking advantage of the Israeli issue for 2024. Mr. Ganjar's answer choices are correct."
"I thought Israel would qualify for the U20 World Cup as a result of the give away" "the hosts" couldn't choose which team would qualify...so sportsmanship is only because of political affairs bubrah kabeh djancoek djaran sak dokare...!!!"
"Following the U20 World Cup group drawing which was canceled due to the rejection by several parties... I immediately started making out on the podcast why are you rejecting Israel now? This politics is great!!!!!!"
sir why did you take a stupid attitude by bringing sports into dongo politics..you reject the israel national team is the same as bringing the people to reject you..u20 world cup..that's football a state affair for a good image for nkri..you are stupid jaaar..
"Even though the governor of Bali could actually be a kind of savior in the eyes of Indonesian football fans for the success of the U20 World Cup mainly related to Israel's issue and where they competed. But it turns out that reality says otherwise instead the fans turned around now hehe"
"Sorry boss... the lands of Samosir Manado Papua and East Nusa Tenggara are ready to welcome the Israel U20 national team"
"They saw Bung Karno's success when the Asean Games 1962 didn't involve Israel after that Indonesia was banned at the Olympics but Sukarno immediately made Ganefo well what if we were banned it would be a rival event like the U20 World Cup"
Of course what FIFA demands is guaranteeing the safety of each team during the U20 World Cup. when it comes to Israel there must be rejection from certain groups.
"Soon there will be an election for the village head the choice of the head of the bedhes. Humor let's keep talking about it. Even though they know that it is impossible to disqualify Israel in the U20 World Cup."
by the way the israel team qualified for the u20 wc through the qualifying round right?
1958: Bung Karno banned the Indonesian national team from playing vs Israel. FIFA: Indonesia lost to Wo and failed to qualify for the 1958 World Cup in 2023: Indonesia was entrusted by FIFA to host the U20 World Cup. some parties refuse Israel's participation which has qualified for the 2023 FIFA World Cup: ....?!
protest about the kanjuruhan tragedy that claimed 135 victims protest about the israel national team going to the u20 world cup yesterday where did you think
israel to go to indonesia or not world cup u20 whether or not it's a rule to break the fast and i think it was fried yesterday
"PSSI said about the issue of the Israeli match taking place in Singapore during the U20 World Cup the possibility is small"
"Who knows with Israel participating in the U20 World Cup Indonesia can win like in the 2015 Badminton World Championships with Israel finally Indonesia through Hendra Ahsan becomes the world champion in badminton... hhahahahahaa"
I'm emotional. Israel's u20 in Indonesia was rejected. misha zilberman badminton athlete playing rene gaono seng koar koar. The delegation of Israeli tourism last year met the governor and was welcomed back. jan double standard is really looking for face close to 2024.
"Indonesia being appointed to host the U20 World Cup is proud that after being elected we never know which country will qualify for this event Kadrun brings Israeli sentiment this is a sport for the Palestinian ambassador to just relax ehh Kadrun short fuse kaing kaing kaing like the pleki pinched"
"The Palestinians (ambassadors) themselves can accept it... we ourselves are the most Palestinian cannot accept that under 20 Israeli children want to play football... think about other countries but don't think about the effects on their own country (the most nationalist)"
"Reject Israel at the U20 World Cup Trenggalek Regent gives PSSI an option"
"If this is the reason for the postponement of the drawing because there were several rejections by the Israeli national team it's funny. We took part in the WC-U20 bid from 2019. Those who were rejected we should have taken part in the bidding. Israel is a member of FIFA there is definitely a possibility of participating in the WC-U20 here. After Israel has passed new qualifications protest. strange"
"the israel u20 football team came to play football sport bro"
October 24 2019 Indonesia hosts the 2021 u20 world cup December 24 2020 at u20 retreats to 2023 June 22 2022 Israel to the semifinals of the u19 euro 2022 as well as qualifying for the u20 2023 early 2023 new problems with Israel's participation
Was it really the one who shot the Israeli U20 footballer?
minus israel u20
Indonesia's deadliner mentality has been really felt lately. October 24 2019 Indonesia hosts the 2021 u20 world cup December 24 2020 at u20 retreats to 2023 June 22 2022 Israel to the semifinals of the u19 euro 2022 as well as qualifying for the u20 2023 early 2023 new problems with Israel's participation
"Btw Israel has been confirmed to have passed the U20 World Cup since June 2022 but why has the rejection only been echoed less than 3 months after the implementation especially from the local government and mass organizations?? Why are there no rejections from other Israeli athletes when they set foot in Indonesia?"
"Constitutionally Indonesia has never stated that Israel is a country so it's only legal when poly rats compete to reject their arrival... My refusal comes from PSSI when they can't fix the tragedy right now instead they want to host at u20 laugh"
"reason for the cancelation of the u20 world cup draw: bali rejects israel fifa makes a decision"
"How come sir so many people reject the Israeli national team. You play in the U20 world cup. Is this wonderful Indonesia when the country lost to parties and figures only 2 parties refused."
Erick Thorhir will report to Jokowi about the Israel National Team at the U20 World Cup
"breakingnews bad news for Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup FIFA officially cancels the Israel PSSI National Team Day draw"
"Until the U20 world cup is canceled in Indonesia Israel is happy. There is no need to play in Indo. The world cup will still be held in another country. Indonesia has witnessed being banned by both the national team and the league unemployed players & referees in the end who still win Israel"
"Political issues don't need to get involved in sports especially football it's strange about Israel not being able to take part in the U20 World Cup they came to Indonesia for a soccer competition not war"
"If Indonesia was sanctioned by FIFA & banned because of the Israeli controversy at the U20 World Cup then I would forever hate Palestine because its supporters have destroyed the dream of progress for Indonesian football the funny thing is that they support Palestine more than their own country"
"As much as I don't like Israel's actions towards Palestine it does not mean that the Israeli national team will not participate in the PD-U20 in Indonesia. It needs to be considered again this should be a place to prove that the country can hold world events. And Palestine will not feel betrayed."
"Maybe most of them don't understand football let alone participate in the U20s. I thought this Israel came on the forehead or as an invitation. In fact it took part in the qualifications and passed. Plus this is the warm year of politics.."
"reason for the cancelation of the u20 world cup draw: the governor of bali rejects israel fifa makes a decision"
If Indonesia fails to host the U20 World Cup it's just because Israel refuses to play that's really stupid
Congratulations to those who rejected Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup making FIFA cancel the group draw in Bali.
why are you just turning it down now? even though Israel has already passed the WC U20 qualification from June 2022. What do you think?
"Local governments can rally support again so that the rejection of Israel is more massive so that the U20 World Cup is not held in Indonesia."
"Hopefully there won't be a cancellation as the host. Those who reject the U20 Israel National Team don't think Indonesia is more advanced they think more about being drunk on their religion"
Four implications of the Israeli national team polemic at the Indonesian U20 World Cup
"In my opinion the rejection of the Israeli national team is not quite right. Because full power is in FIFA while Indonesia is only the host. Of course this will be detrimental to Indonesia if later the U20 World Cup fails to take place because of this. And again Indonesia still does not have great authority"
"Because of the shouts against the Israel U20 National Team the drawing on the 31st was cancelled. Even better FIFA canceled the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. So those who shouted were satisfied. The government lost to those screams. The U20 World Cup was canceled in Indonesia. Satisfied???"
"Alhamdullilah hopefully it won't be the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because there is an Israeli team as a participant. Allahuakbar!"
"Should support how Indonesia can be successful as the host of the FIFA U20 World Cup not to fuss over Israel's pros and cons. Try to think don't be too old-fashioned we respect Bung Karno and Palestine doesn't mean to disgrace why Indonesia itself is on the international scene"
"A blunder for football fans. An achievement for those in politics because we Israel can't play football in Indo that's how it is but at U20 it will continue and Israel will continue to play."
There are also other U20 tournament participants who refuse to compete with Israel like them. anyone know which countries
It's clear that football is delicious and soft food for politics and seeking votes so if you bring a ball to an event it will definitely attract more attention for frying so the issue of the Israeli national team at the WC U20 event is bigger than the 2015 BWC.
"The question is like this since what month has the Israeli national team made sure to pass the U20 WC?"
"Thank you governor of Bali PDIP and all those who rejected the Israeli U20 football team cool"
"the statements of the governors of Central Java and Bali rejecting the Israeli U20 national team were only intrigues for the mass organizations"" the hard line is sympathetic to the PDIP. the question is why Anis did not make a statement against the Israeli national team? even though Anis is supported by mass organizations"" hard line"
"Because of political and religious intoxication rejecting the Israeli team the future of Indonesian players and football careers will end. After the draw is cancelled Indonesia will be canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup and can even be expelled from FIFA. Tragic"
the draw for the u20 world cup has been postponed wow because of protests related to israel. please those who protest don't think in the future whether Indonesia will be banned and ostracized in international football. Moreover Marshallino's forces and friends have a golden opportunity to be hindered by these elements.
fifa cancels the draw for the u20 world cup in bali regarding the israel national team
"You idiot the sky is upside down bro Israel will qualify for the U20 World Cup starting in 2022 why are you shouting now. Block or idiot"
"Israel's certainty of qualifying for the U20 World Cup has been a long time coming there should have been steps to anticipate because there will surely be many rejections"
When I wanted the U20 World Cup event which included Israel there were immediately lots of banners for donations for Palestine
even looking for advances to prepare for 2024 by selling Israel. why don't they think nationalism?? salute to sir who has no comments about the crowd against the israel team at the u20 world cup.
"asked about the possibility of Israel playing the 2023 U20 World Cup in Singapore PSSI: yes but..."
Just try to host the feat with Singapore maybe Israel can play it in Singapore so that the U20 World Cup will continue
did the trustees state that they were ready to be a good host for the u20 event but did not make a statement rejecting the israel national team like what the rewards did. did the governor support the implementation of the u20 in solo?
those who refuse Israel to participate in the U20 world cup....the match for Asu Teles....
"Try if Indonesia digits it I'm tired of passing the qualifications that are determined on the field eh instead I don't play in the tournament because of things outside the field. *Defending Israel's rights to play in the U20 World Cup =/= supporting Israel's occupation of Palestine."
if you say reject the israel u20 national team..but if the holders of the keys to heaven can go there...this is in accordance with the preamble of the 45th constitution and the constitution
"U20 Israeli boys only compete in soccer. If you want to destroy Israel it's time for this soccer event to field reliable soccer troops. Conquer Israel in this sporting event mission."
"Do you agree that Israel is not present at the U20 World Cup? Agree. Why? Because now it has to carry out the consequences of a statement of readiness to host which must be ready to accept anyone who will be a participant. If you don't want to accept a certain country why bid?"
"What sins did Indonesia commit so that its football did not develop. There are always things that make it annoying. Does the curse really exist? Israel FIFA and the world will be astonished at the host of the U20 World Cup."
That's why those who support Israel were kicked out of the U20 world cup... well a little bit more banned this country awokaowk
"And if Israel's nationality is still being questioned... OK maybe we are afraid that the 1972 Munich Olympics will repeat itself. But come on this is the u20 "kids" competition. They probably don't know anything but focus on making a leap in their football career their balls."
"Football is a sport for the Israeli national team to participate in the U20 World Cup because that country actually took part in the selection and passed. Then we reject them on the grounds that they are colonial peoples... you guys are drunk or crazy..."
yes your rich people who said that Israel rejected it which made security for the U20 world cup later questionable especially for the Israeli national team
what do you think about the israel national team in the u20 world cup?
"I just asked Singapore for help the stadium is used for every Israeli match in the U20 WC how about that?"
If you're really going to reject Israel why put yourself forward to host a competition that has Israel in it? Did Israel qualify for the U20 World Cup after Indonesia was chosen as the host?
"Thought "Israel" passed the U20 world cup as a result of a give away it can just be rejected. Politics is different from sports it's just a hassle"
"The governor of Bali must be responsible for the case where the U20 World Cup grub drawing was cancelled. The minimal way is to withdraw what he said then apologize to FIFA so that the draw will continue and finally resign from the position of governor of Bali. I think Bali will be able to accept Israel uh but."
"This account also rejects Israel. GPP. This democracy. Only you are a mainstream account you should be confused when Indonesia is bidding to host the 2023 U20 World Cup. Refuse to reject because there is a possibility that Israel will join. This will destroy Indonesian football if FIFA banned PSSI ."
"Indonesian officials know which ones are busy and which are not. After all the Israeli national team will still play even though the U20 World Cup is not in Indonesia because they passed legally through qualification not through the host route. So now what is really going wrong is Indonesia"
"Not retaliation doc. But this really seems to be more politicized. The momentum of the U20 World Cup coincides with the year of politics in Indonesia. Boommm looking for faces. In the end Israel will come or be crossed out P$$I is ready to accept the sanctions if it must banned"
"If Indonesia rejects the presence of Israel it means that Indonesia is really afraid of fighting Israel... wow the Israelites are really great just hearing the name I want to come I'm already scared especially if I really come... all together... I hope U20 Israel will win let Kadrun &amp; ; the genk is getting crazy.."
"Never mind Israel there's no U20 world cup vibes in Bali"
"The enemy of this nation is not the Israel U-20 national football team but the religious hawkers who sell radicalism terrorism the caliphate system and your blunder kadrun om..."
almost 5 years of Indonesia's struggle to win the tender to host the u20 world cup spent hundreds of billions of energy and funds threatened to be canceled due to sudden efforts from politicians who made this event for political purposes. Israel - Palestine is still being sold
I care more about taking care of Israel playing at U20 than the great recommendations
"Simalakama. This country won't be able to hold international events. It's stuck at the same level as Asia. It's hard to develop in terms of sports. Even the Olympics the U20 World Cup are just like this. Israel's case is really complicated."
israel national team u20 to indonesia do you want war? no right?
"Gus Dur's speech in Israel surely at that time there was a lot of criticism from fundamentalists and many people in Indonesia for his presence in Israel! Especially with the U20 issue the situation was lighter than when Gus Dur went to Israel just remember I hope there is a better solution on u20"
Russia has not yet qualified for Qatar. israel has passed u20. different stories and situations...... try this kadrun kadrun while banning the usa who likes to riot in the middle east
"Israeli troops attack the Al Aqsa Mosque expel the Palestinian congregation during worship. Netizen: Then the Israeli National Team wants to be greeted like a great guest in Indonesia at the U20 World Cup? Think!"
"Kosovo and Israel have had bilateral relations since 2020 that's why it's fine Kosovo away to Israel don't set an example while we don't have bilateral relations but I still support them here they are just young u20 playing football"
"It's possible that if the demo when Israel is still in the qualifications or guaranteed to qualify for the U20 World Cup I'm still somewhat in agreement with rejecting it. This is refusing and the demo is just a few weeks from now the event starts. The punishment isn't just limited to being banned if it fails "
"If the U20 fails in the future Indonesia will no longer need to hold international events such as the World Cup for other Olga branches or the Olympics. If this is the case it will be Indonesia's loss. If Israel itself they might just relax. At least the event will be moved to another location."
"FIFA itself is also a problem. During the Qatar World Cup Russia was not allowed to participate. Now the U20 World Cup Israel is allowed to participate in Wes Poke Ataturen"
Isn't it strange isn't it about Israel? Usually the opposition faction opposes the government but until now only 1 person has a loud voice. this is the event for pulling the votes of the supporters next door right?
Oscar Gloukh is the future of the Israeli national team maybe he will play in the U20 World Cup
"Agreed FIFA's double standards are really annoying but at that time Russia was not sure of qualifying for the world cup bro now Israel has already passed the qualifying route so that it can qualify for the U20 world cup then suddenly rejecting participants who have already passed what's the story?"
"Just so you know the Palestinian ambassador Zuhair Al Shun has issued a statement that they have no problem if the Israeli national team comes to Indonesia as a participant in the U20 World Cup." "We know that each federation in the world has its own rules including FIFA. In this case …”
"Click the ball for the latest news: the U20 World Cup drawing has been officially postponed. PSSI represented by exco member Arya M. Sinulingga confirmed that the group division draw was postponed after the Governor of Bali I Wayan Koster refused Israel's presence …"
"Israel actually qualified for the 2023 U20 World Cup at the end of June 2022. However rejection in Indonesia only became widespread in March 2023."
The governor who rejected Israel for the U20 World Cup is really a red flag. Don't vote for the 2024 presidential election.
"imo sporting Israel has the right to play in the u20 world cup because they have qualified so there needs to be a compromise diplomatically what are the limits... but it seems that we ourselves cannot guarantee their sporting rights no one has given any statement"
"What is the solution sir if Indonesia is banned by FIFA all those who depend on football will lose their jobs. Do you dare to take responsibility? Because of your statement you reject the U20 World Cup in Indonesia because Israel is there"
"If Israel entered Qatar yesterday 2022 the ban is not the same as Qatar? It's really complex if you accept a passport it means you recognize your country. If you recognize your country it means your existence in GMAP is getting stronger... while the countries on the other side are fading... where is Palestine impossible for the club football &amp; playing at u20?"
welcome to the u20 national israel team...!!!! please....
"Israel has never passed the U20 world cup. The only time it passed was in Indonesia. Indonesia has never passed the U20 world cup. Once it became the host Israel escaped. Fate fooled me"
PSSI's answer to the issue of the location for the U20 World Cup draw and the Israel match
"bali the controversy surrounding the rejection of the israel u20 team passes"
"Yes why insist on being the host atuh. It should have been consistent from the start if Israel can qualify. It's too bad Israel is U20 don't know what the qualifications have been like."
"U20 world cup polemic Indonesia cannot refuse the arrival of the Israeli national team"
"Personally I am also pro-Palestine. But by rejecting Israel's arrival at the U20 World Cup competition there is no good impact for Palestine itself on the other hand we look as if we are afraid of Israel."
"Indonesia is trying to sell expensively if you want the U20 World Cup in Indonesia we reject Israel who did you say????"
Furthermore news circulated that this was allegedly related to the statement by the Governor of Bali Wayan Koster who refused the arrival of the Israeli U20 National Team.
so far about israel's rejection of the u20 world cup anies &lt; reward
"The draw for the U20 World Cup has been officially postponed. PSSI represented by an exco member Arya M. Sinulingga confirmed that the draw for the group division was postponed after the governor of Bali I Wayan Koster refused Israel's presence as a participating team."
Imagine Grandma for example that Indonesia has canceled hosting the U-20 World Cup just because several parties objected to the arrival of the Israeli U-20 football national team to Indonesia which is the saddest right?
very upset to read the news anj. Is the Israeli U20 national team going to spread Zionism to Indonesia when they play?
"drawing on u20 canceled exco PSSI Arya Sinulingga said via loc FIFA canceled drawing on U20.
"I think if we refuse Israel to come to this competition it can be seen - we are not ready to host - we are afraid of Israel - the good impact for Palestine by rejecting Israel's arrival at the U20 world cup is not there."
if they wanted to be consistent they should have banned the Indonesian team from the start they didn't have to take part in the U20 because there was an Israeli team. I'm afraid I won't be nominated if Mbalelo is the same
also happy about the cancellation of the pilfun u20 title in Indonesia. Finally the voice of the politician whose interest is the condition is heard by FIFA. hopefully the politician will succeed in 2024 with his supporters who reject Israel. once again congratulations on your success in voicing it
Israel U20 plays in Jayapura only
"wkwkwk I want to enter the world cup through the achievement route but I'm dreaming... being given the hosting route even though U20 is threatened with cancellation because Israel refuses to play I and in O and E S I the host Ki is only an organizer not a committee that is responsible for Dewe Iso to replace Israel"
"Those who protest Israel come that's okay that's their right but remember don't try to act anarchically because you will face the law. The National Police has prepared 2716 personnel for security on U20 especially in Bali pecalang will assist you. Don't worry security is guaranteed."
Israel has officially qualified for the U20 World Cup from June 2022 and it's strange that there have been a lot of rejections from the governors of Bali and Central Java adding a handful of people on behalf of a group in March 2023
what is there is a match between football fans vs political parties/organizations (rejecting the presence of the Israeli u20 team) hahahahahahahahaha….. time and place are welcome …….
Wow those who are bidding for the U20 World Cup in 2019 don't think what if Israel qualify can all aspects agree with Israel's arrival in Indonesian soil?
Israel U20 national team can withdraw from WC U20 event :) strong football political power
"fifa canceled the draw for the u-20 world cup final? what? Those who refused the arrival of the israel u20 national team were the reasons? was it because of the arrival of the israel u20 national team they were afraid that indonesia would become jewish? pleasee....."
"GP seems to be in the box when is the highest candidate for vice president the effect statement regarding the rejection of the Israeli national team and causing the debate about the FIFA World Cup U20 event is a serious problem"
"the day Israel sealed their spot in the U20 world cup Indonesia should have started thinking about how to dampen rejection or how to overcome it."
Play with a note: Israel's national anthem may not be echoed. The Israeli flag and coat of arms may not be used by the Israeli national team during the U20 WC show in Indonesia.
"Israel has never passed the U20 World Cup even though it passed when Indonesia was the host why didn't it just pass in another country?"
yes the draw for the u20 world cup is cancelled... using Israel to reject it
"Don't equate sports and politics that's different bro. We accept Israel competing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia doesn't mean that the Indonesian people don't respect Palestine"
this is the initiator of the 3rd period saying it's strange to refuse the israel team to play at u20 .... please play but don't play in indonesia period. because it will represent a colonizing country because colonialism on earth must be abolished in accordance with the mandate of the opening of the 1945 constitution point
"Same boss none of us can choose what tribe race and language we are born from. They were born in Israel and play football. They are valued as fellow creatures of God. They are not wrong to be born as Israelis."
aseeekkkkk... the u20 world cup was canceled to be replaced by the tarkam world cup not followed by the israel team
Is this a warning and a response to the unclear position of Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup for Israel's presence? --&gt; vs
"Lots of politicians reject the U20 Israel National Team to play in Indonesia the definition is stupid and doesn't connect mblokkk."
"I'm sorry sis does the Indonesian nation have to reject the You 20 Israeli team to compete in the U20 World Cup which will be held in our country ?? Please look at it bro"
"The governor of East Java refused the governor of Bali refused the former chairman of Nu refused the haters of the government refused mui refused but we football lovers continue to support the Israel U20 team to play in Indonesia rather than PSSI Dukum FIFA in the polls too most of us agree you are the most lamb recipe.."
"It's okay to refuse to support but don't hinder the Israeli U20 team and other participating countries. Are you afraid of being labeled as menclaw?
"Saluuuuuttt... for Israel with the U20 team they have been able to divide the Indonesian people who is smart and who is stupid."
"Try to tell that Ganjar Pramowo and other parties who refused and banned Israeli teams from coming to Indonesia to explain to FIFA.." "Already expelled Israel but still want to be U20 organizers." good luck"
"Sis I'm disappointed too... Cianjur is the same as Halal."
those who reject the israel national team are the same as burying indonesian dreams of hosting the u20 world cup and shattering the big dreams of the entire indonesian national team squad...
"Israel vs Indonesia it will be exciting for the U20 World Cup"
"Only FIFA is authorized to ban the Israeli national team from appearing Indonesia is only the organizer appointed by FIFA so we cannot ban Israel from appearing at the U20 World Cup"
"Isn't it different Qatar rejects (origin) Israeli fans because Israel doesn't compete at the World Club while in the U20 World Cup the Israeli team representing the country will be competing?!"
Indonesia is now the host of the u20 world cup. hard times have never been.... yes. Sukarno rejecting Israel is a political matter.. all Indonesian presidents also reject Israel when it comes to political matters.... when it comes to sports matters and the host 20 is new in the Jokowi era... here
reward for tripping over the issue of Israel. wrong strategy to suck
"Okay let's listen to the rejecters but we ask them too. Are there any other solutions that can be used regarding Israel's rejection? They pass according to the legal qualification requirements. Disavow the constitution? Indonesia is also not going to normalize relations with Israel even though they came here as wc participant u20"
"It would be a shame if the U20 World Cup draw was cancelled because it is confirmed that we will be subject to sanctions from FIFA and we will be crossed out as hosts for the U20 World Cup. Israel Jogja Ritz Carlton"
"That's not firm .... but ridiculous and stupid. Indonesia has long since volunteered to host the U20 World Cup and already knows that Israel is also taking part via the selection process. How come now Israel is refusing participation.... there sane....."
that's the difference between the treatment of the arab lizard dick and the israel u20 national team
"His rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team which competed in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was like a time bomb for him he did not understand politics and sports. Politics can make countries go to war sports can unite nations."
For the sake of the integrity of the Indonesian nation we really have to refuse the Israel National Team to take part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
We in Manado are ready to receive the arrival of the Israeli U20 National Team
come on israel national team fight in the u20 world cup you can hopefully advance to the final.
How come it's weird that the Israeli team refuses to play in the U20 world cup... hehe. starting from here identity politics is included in the spirit of sports.. he he
participated in refusing the israel team to play in the u20 world cup. no wonder you don't want to be a presidential candidate... hehhe... you can't comment on rejecting that... because it's not a principle thing to build our country... he he. please don't follow me.
"Obviously the other participants will agree to reject Israel. Who wants to be friends with the cruel and inhumane Zionists? The tragedy just ended without FIFA sanctions. This is just a matter of speaking" to convince FIFA to get rid of Israel. Finally at U20 in Indonesia without Israel."
what you need for these politicians to know israel passed the u20 world cup through qualification and not a direct appointment from fifa as the organizer it's different from indonesia which is the host route and indonesia as the host can be replaced because of these politicians looking for faces for 2024 that's all from me
"At first I just wanted to support it so I thought twice because of the comments about the Israeli U20 national team sports and politics can't even do it"
"Governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo hopes that the 2023 U-20 World Cup in Indonesia will continue smoothly but without the presence of the Israeli U-20 team. If you want the U-20 World Cup in Indonesia how will it go?"
reject the israel u20 national team
"Yes if I look at it from the aspect of its importance Israel is coming for competition not to colonize. So let it be if you want to compete with U20 mah"
It seems that the Palestinian ambassador also supports the arrival of the Israeli U20 team. I'm not surprised either!! ask why??
Even with a cool head he said that if the Israel U20 National Team was rejected then it could destroy Ind's football according to him this would actually make Ind banned by FIFA *ana like this way of thinking bro *... sir
cycling costume like american flag. very pro israel. podo wae sir. ojo pretend to forbid. sporty sporting event. Wong wants Indonesia itself to host the U20 World Cup
It's useless for any country if FIFA has frozen Indonesian football for a week because of Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup this year
saudi arabia opens flights to israel palestine has no objection to the u20 national team competing in indonesia iran &amp; as sworn enemies but in football they still compete how can Indonesia become an advanced NGR...religion is mixed up with politics &amp; sport was not spared political interference
"If the solution is Israel has to play outside Indonesia that means the U20 World Cup logo has to be revised first right?"
the views of yahya cholil staquf and said aqil siroj regarding the israel national team at the u20 world cup
"""(world cup) u20 is still successful but does not present Israel"" sir try to explain to the public how the event can still be held successfully but participants who are valid to qualify are refused to play at the venue prepared by the event host??"
"The government has not been firm about the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup it is in danger of being cancelled"
"Because of Israel's refusal the U20 World Cup drawing was canceled on March 31... and later in the afternoon it is reported that there will be a PSSI presscon at the GBK arena. Those who refuse don't think about the domino effect that Anjir will receive!!!"
"Support an independent Palestine Ridwan Kamil asks Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup to be evaluated"
what's the solution then? do you want israel to play here? they qualified and earned the right to appear in the u20s. it is already an obligation that the host must accept all participants without exception. Later it will be Indonesia's turn to be banned and then all of them will shut up. all the more complicated.
"If the U20 World Cup doesn't have Israel don't expect Indonesia to be able to host FIFA's competition again because it's definitely blacklisted if Israel is banned what effect will it have on Palestine?? Palestine is still independent like that?? How stupid is it to be maintained"
"If Israel refuses to play football after qualifying for the U20 FIFA qualifiers it's a stupid person kopyorrr don't be angry we don't call you kopyorrr"
"The Israeli u20 national team has already escaped ehh the hosts who qualify automatically want to trip up.. think !!"
Israeli violence is the main reason why we refuse the Israel U20 National Team to play in this country!
the wave of rejection by the israel national team continues to echo. if the u20 world cup is moved to another country. get ready for Indonesian football to be banned by FIFA maybe in a period of more than 10 years. those who make a living in Indonesian football are financed by Israeli resistance
I'm afraid the admin has been told to use GJ since using GJ has refused our Israel National Team and everything has become disrespectful!! use wali solo already set up srn to be the host at the u20 statemn use gj to be fried the other congregation loves football and pssi is far more than the votes of one big party keep moving forward with our soccer ball
"O lovers of Indonesian football especially those who are fanatics in the round skin... if Indonesia is banned/revoked by its members in FIFA don't blame the government especially Jokowi... blame the organizations politicians or parties who refuse the israel u20 national team to compete in Indonesia"
5. Encourage FLP members and administrators from branch to central level to write support for Palestine and reject Israel's arrival at the 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup.
4. Invites all literacy activists to voice support for the Palestinian people and reject Israel's presence in Indonesia at the 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup.
"Position of the Circle of Pen Forum (FLP) Forum of the Circle of Pen (FLP) as part of the Indonesian nation which is dignified and sovereign expressed several attitudes regarding Israel's participation in one of the teams that will be present at U20 2023."
Peled begged President Joko Widodo to reject Israel's arrival and asked all Indonesian people to support Palestine and unite in making a decision against the presence of the Israeli national team at U20 2023.
"Miko Peled grandson of Avraham Katsnelson who co-signed the Israeli Declaration of Independence strongly condemns Israel's presence at the U20 event which will be held by Indonesia in May 2023."
"The Israeli national anthem is also prohibited from being played if Israel participates in the U20 World Cup."
many idiotic observers/politicians say that Indonesia has no diplomatic relations with Israel so the U20 Israel National Team cannot compete in Indonesia Taiwan is also a country that has no diplomatic relations with Indonesia but the number of migrant workers working in Taiwan reaches 294000 &amp; trade goes on
"World Cup U20 | drawing postponed by FIFA because of this Indonesia could be penalized"
biidznillah... I fully support Palestine and reject Israel's arrival at the 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup! takbir!!!
"As a measure to anticipate the emergence of disunity and unrest among the Indonesian nation MUI appeals to the Indonesian government to take a firm stance against the Israeli team's arrival at the U20 World Cup in May 2023."
"For information Indonesia does not have diplomatic relations with Iraq and Israel it is unlikely that it will be placed in a group during the U20 match."
"Apart from preparing six large stadiums as the U20 event it is hoped that Indonesia will also have the courage to take a firm stance regarding the Israeli group that will compete in this match."
I firmly declare that I support Palestine and reject Israel in the framework of its arrival at FIFA U20 2023. Because their oppression of Palestinian Muslims cannot be simply forgiven.
"Strange narrative how to protect Jokowi in fact this attitude of reward complicates the position of the government that proposed to host the U20 World Cup by rejecting Israel it is possible that Indonesia will cancel being the host and will be penalized by being banned by FIFA."
is there no other way that is more elegant than refusing the israel u20 national team to boost votes in 2024 om...
"it really hurts the struggle of the nation's founders if Indonesia allows the israel national team to compete in u20"
5. Encourage FLP members and administrators from branch to central level to write support for Palestine and reject Israel's arrival at the 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup.
"pros and cons of the israel national team at the u20 world cup observers remind of indonesia's treatment of taiwan israel ritz carlton scam nahida timothy royco raja toji earth hour emily lilipaly"
"The U20 World Cup in Indonesia is threatened with cancellation politicians with political interests are asked to educate Israel Ritz Carlton scam Nahida Timothy Royco Raja Toji Earth Hour Emily Lilipaly"
"Hold on. I still believe your brothers and sisters will never stay silent their struggles and prayers will never end until they see you become independent. Always stand with you Palestine. Indonesia rejects the arrival of the Israeli national team at the 2023 U20 World Cup."
because of the importance of coming to ri.. so the circle of pen forum (flp) as part of the dignified and sovereign Indonesian nation conveyed several attitudes regarding Israel's participation in one of the teams that will be present at u20 2023.. see kuy..
"seems satisfied because the Israeli delegation won't come on March 31 for the draw great if the U20 world cup is cancelled they will also be proud to have succeeded in embarrassing Indonesia"
Opponents didn't think Pak Ganjar was joining the Israeli U20 National Team and that's what confused Kadrun with Pak Ganjar's political steps
"I am nurhasanah (field flp cadre) firmly support Palestine and reject Israel's arrival at the 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup. because I uphold the 1945 Constitution especially the statement ""that colonialism in the world must be abolished..."" let's be together"
Israel National Team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
6) Peled begged President Joko Widodo to reject Israel's arrival and asked all Indonesian people to support Palestine and unite in making a decision against the presence of the Israeli national team at U20 2023.
"4) Miko Peled grandson of Avraham Katsnelson who took part in signing the Israeli Declaration of Independence strongly criticized Israel's presence at the U20 event which will be held by Indonesia in May 2023"
From the title it looks cruel but still wants to accept the Israeli U20 team
"3) Minister of Foreign Affairs No. 3 of 2019 concerning general guidelines for foreign relations o/ local governments prohibit the hoisting & use of the Israeli flag in Indonesian territory. The Israeli national anthem is also prohibited from being sung if Israel participates in the U20 World Cup"
"Why am I on the Israeli national anthem team which is also forbidden to sing if Israel is taking part in the U20 World Cup. The opening mandate of the 1945 Constitution clearly states that Indonesia even needs to take a firm stance against oppression"
"The Israeli national anthem is also prohibited from being played if Israel participates in the U20 World Cup."
"As a measure to anticipate the emergence of disunity and unrest among the Indonesian nation MUI appeals to the Indonesian government to take a firm stance against the Israeli team's arrival at the U20 World Cup in May 2023."
"I am Nurhasanah (FLP Medan cadre; nra 069/d/002/001) firmly support Palestine and reject Israel's arrival at the 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup. Because I uphold the 1945 Constitution especially the statement ""that colonialism in the world must be abolished. ..""!!!"
"In the past Bung Karno banned the national team from competing with the Israeli national team because of the political situation at that time and there were no strict FIFA rules. Now the FIFA rules are strict and clear forbidding political elements in football. It would be ridiculous if the Israeli national team refused to participate in the U20 World Cup ."
"Apart from preparing six large stadiums as the U20 event it is hoped that Indonesia will also have the courage to take a firm stance regarding the Israeli group that will compete in this match."
What connects the U20 with Israel's 11th event in Indonesia is a person with a primitive brain: just think about eating today - tomorrow and next you don't know - there are still lots of them in the food forest - stupid
failed I'm from Papua supporting you to become a presidential candidate not yet president. I have refused U20 participants from Israel to play in Indonesia cooking politics is mixed with their sports football players are not police athletes under FIFA are covered by journalists around the world
"It will be even more exciting when it turns out that the Indonesian U20 National Team is in the same group as Israel or meets Israel in the U20 World Cup match. Masyaallah tabarakallah"
"Even the grandson of Israel's founder also spoke out against Israel entering the U20 World Cup. Why don't we just keep silent fight bestie!"
"As a form of high sense of humanity as well as rejection of all forms of oppression and violence that Israel has done we firmly reject the presence of Israel in the Indonesian homeland in the FIFA U20 World Cup 2023."
"He said a country that has a big influence on aid to Palestine but how come it can't quickly refuse to balk at the Israeli national team not entering the U20 World Cup."
"oh so you mean the status of father your team and support for U20 activities it still happens even with the arrival of the Israeli team sir.. great.. thank you finally someone is supporting"
"Yes it's so rewarding as a PDIP subordinate being sacrificed as a bet if he doesn't want to take popularity he'll just let it be. Let's see that's the presidential candidates AB and Prabowo where there are comments about the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team. They both won't dare because popularity is involved. "
"The U20 World Cup group draw in Indonesia has been cancelled Israel is considered to be the culprit"
"surely they missed: that was a past visit in order to deny israel u20 world cup funding won't be visiting for a while"
organizing the u20-2023 world cup in Indonesia because he volunteered not to be directly appointed by fifa. meaning that they already know there is a possibility that Israel will participate. so those who reject the presence of Israel are only people who oversleep
"Indonesia is truly unlucky all Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup too"
"the israel u20 national team is very tough it's hard for the indonesian national team to win."
friend of the palestinian ambassador who doesn't mind the arrival of the israel u20 national team to indonesia... the fact is that
Israel will carry out a terrible response if there are any u20 national team players.
basically expel... the israel u20 national team from the territory of the true motherland.
"Our country is subject to Kadrun if we reject the Israeli U20 team we will be branded as a world intolerance country."
"The PDIP strategy is to balance PKS if PKS is the only one who speaks out against the rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team there will definitely be massive demonstrations over the arrival of the Israel National Team. As a counterbalance Gibran opens up because Solo is only a field provider. FIFA's decision remains"
"Hopefully Indonesia will be penalized by FIFA... so that the owners of Heaven will be happy... Heaven will never know whether it exists or not if Indonesia's football career is forfeited... let's ban Israel U20"
Ganjar and PDIP shouldn't need to be reactive because the noise in the country regarding the rejection of the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team to Indonesia is purely based on religious sentiments not constitutional awareness as voiced by groups pro-politicizing religion.
pros and cons of the israel u-20 national team
one more brother.. what is the hub of Indonesia's largest Islamic organization pro the israel u20 team... strange...
"The polemic of the Israeli national team at the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup the Palestinian ambassador finally spoke up"
"While drinking coffee and having breakfast comfortably the fuss over refusing the Israeli U20 team to compete in Indonesia just cancel hosting the U20 that's all it's a hassle."
"I don't think you can because Pidun U20 won't be there if Israel isn't allowed to play and PSSI is sanctioned if we play we will have a demonstration"
"Just cancel the U20 World Cup it's okay for most of Indonesia to be banned from FIFA High School just disband PSSI and really help all those who refuse all Israeli teams to come give food and work for football players to add to their families and people who are looking for sustenance in football while being banned by SMA FIFA ... it's just a hassle."
The point is if Israel really can't play in Indonesia it means that Indonesia also can't play in the U20 World Cup because it's certain that Indonesia will also be the host of FIFA.
the chairman gave a soothing statement &amp; It's clear about Indonesia's status regarding the arrival of the Israeli U20 football team to take part in the U-20 World Cup event in Indonesia if I do yes...
They are the U20 young generation of Israel let them arrive in Edenesa and then convey their aspirations to them so that in the future they will become leaders and be able to get along well with Palestine. this is more useful than just rejecting in this month of ramadon
support israel u20 national team
when a religious drunkard rejects the israel u20 national team..... reward pranowo? don't vote
the head of the national counter-terrorism agency (bnpt) said those who reject u20 israel should not choose the path of violence.
"Ngu FIFA has its own statutes. The state can't interfere in their affairs so that's PSSI's domain not political affairs the Republic of Indonesia still supports Palestine. FIFA will definitely ban host status if Israel can't participate in U20. FIFA's entire agenda can't be held here. Do you know what the impact is? think!"
Can the Israeli-Palestinian problem be solved by banning U20 Israel from appearing in Indonesia?
"If we have been given responsibility whether we like it or not we have to carry it out Indonesia also doesn't know that Israel will qualify for the U20 World Cup if I know I will definitely refuse to be the host"
"The governor of Bali has firmly rejected Israel's u20 how about Jabar? If you don't act it's really embarrassing."
"This time we don't agree with the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team but this doesn't dampen support for Ganjar as a presidential candidate in 2024. For us different views from what we support is normal."
"only these five countries have refused to compete with the israel national team at the u20 world cup event. but you don't know the rest of these five countries have refused to compete against israel."
"if that's a gift use it at least you sound ""reject Israel"" at u20 !! don't forget your grandfather also balked at Israel.... don't say it's a gift why did grandfather take it everywhere but following the example of his firmness he doesn't want to.. .. disaster is his name..."
It's a shame that Indonesia is hosting the U20 World Cup...because Israel passed the selection to be a participant...if it doesn't qualify then there will be no fuss.... how do you want to host the Olympics or other sports Israel will again... bother the government again Indonesia
"Ganjar went against the central government by rejecting the Israeli U20 National Team. The center has not taken a stance Ganjar has preceded it. Ganjar does not understand global geopolitics. Gibran is more mature and wiser than Rewards in addressing the Israel U20 National Team."
"Really accursed for them it is mandatory to reject the U20 Israeli national team it has nothing to do with religion but colonization and expulsion of the Palestinian state..."
"Israeli athletes are not only going to Indonesia for the U20 World Cup yesterday there were also badminton and bicycle races but how come no one is talking about the law and state sovereignty?"
"refuse the israel national team to play at u20 everyone's rights are protected and support l our country's constitution but if you reject it brutally the goal is instability... the state has the right to maintain national stability constitutionally reject how?"
what is currently being discussed is the rejection of U20 football participants from Israel. . . gift
"Who rejected literature sports and science? What we reject is colonialism as well as the arbitrariness perpetrated by the state & its government at u20 those who were present there on behalf of the "state of Israel" so old man were those who were rejected not the sport. That's it sir."
To be honest some time ago there were a number of mass organizations that opposed the arrival of the U20 Israel football team ahead of the upcoming U20 World Cup.
Does the verse explain that Israel cannot participate in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia?
"Condemning the occupation of Palestinian land by the Israeli Zionist army is not enough just to refuse the presence of the U20 Israel National Team competing in Indonesia on the other hand those who refuse cannot also be blamed the point is that if you want to do politics don't be like FIFA (double standard) sports must be clean from politics"
"I'm trying to judge from the corner of the table that supporting the U20 Israel national team away to Indonesia doesn't mean not loving/supporting Palestinian independence. As for sports I don't want to get involved in politics like FIFA when it banned Russia from going to Qatar because it attacked Ukraine. Football & war different."
"Just so you know Israel debuted at the U20 wc. Same with the Dominican rep. No one would have thought it would be like this. So it's a complicated Persian bambang oh well. It's already good to win a bid so I can progress & have experience for the young national team nya. instead blamed. strange really Indonesian people "
"If Israel comes to the U20 Cup in Indonesia Palestine will not lose Pranowo will be the loser."
wooy...I'm a Jokowi supporter &amp; my idol is gus dur...nothing to do with Ahok...don't make misleading opinions using all kinds of intelligence...what does Ganjar have to do with refusing the U20 Israel National Team to save Jokowi....Eloo's story seems as if the reward is very strong &amp; jokowi is very weak
"Russia was disqualified so it didn't qualify for yesterday's world cup everyone seemed to agree. But Israel has objections to participating in the U20 World Cup here so there is an issue if you can be penalized for not being the host. You're both mixing politics with football. The difference is in where?"
"Fifa is annoyed that Indonesia is playing Sara the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is in danger of failing. Rejecting the presence of the Israeli national team the world is highlighting Indonesia which is considered intolerant not in accordance with the spirit of sportsmanship which keeps political and racial matters away."
"World Cup U20 it's a loss for Indonesian football if it refuses Israel. The Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia Zuhair Al-Shun has no doubts about Indonesia's commitment to support. There will be no problem for Palestine if Indonesia hosts the Israeli national team."
where is the debate about israel u20 going?
this is just a clear statement &amp; sane. see do the politicians who reject Israel's presence have a solution if the u20 world cup is canceled by fifa ????????
"If it's canceled in Indonesia it's a pity that the hotels are already enthusiastic and enthusiastic about the U20 World Cup. Besides if it's cancelled are the people who reject Israel really contributing to advancing Indonesian football?"
"When you refuse team attendance you are immediately banned for life it's okay how come? CC: ?"
reject the israel national team in the u20 world cup...they are cowards and invaders...
"What are the benefits for Indonesia if we reject the Israeli football team? The disadvantage is that I have explained above Indonesia's preparation for 2019 is useless. It's strange that even if you refuse why not from the start just reject Indonesia for the WC U20 bidding which is clear there is a possibility that Israel will participate"
"Just let it be blacklisted don't be embarrassed do what you can do now reject the U20 Israeli team if you want to run for president in 2024 don't be pro imperialism pro zionists"
"It's stupid Israelis who come just want to play ball dogs the players are under the age of 20 even if they have the intention of celebrating their country they must think hard they only come with 100 people it's not like that then what's there to be afraid of?"
accepts the israel u20 football team entity representative of the football organization entity under fifa.
"Russia was refused to play in the World Cup because it was colonized by Ukraine. Good. Israel was refused to play in the U20 World Cup because it was occupied by Palestine. You stupid Kadrun tacky tacky. Wkwk"
"If I support this refusal vote only because I want to know what sanctions will be received by INDI if Israel does not participate in the U20 World Cup because of the refusal from INDI as the host country"
welcome israel u20 team! hopefully next year in g20!
"Yes if you don't admit sovereignty it means that Israel shouldn't exist. Indonesia won't be banned 135 lives are just gone hahahahaha right that was the FIFA president when he went to Indo. The case of canceling the host at U20 won't freeze the federation either."
I agree sir...after one day violating the constitution.....pro israel also violated the constitution as well...because israel is an colonial state...while Indonesia's constitution is anti-colonial...it's only natural that many reject the israel u20 soccer team entering Indonesia....
"From the start of the PSSI restructuring to the loc restructuring now the final draw for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is rumored to be postponed because the Israeli team was threatened. When are you going to advance wow Indo!"
"If you end up choosing Israel's black list it's best if this is done by FIFA &amp; to make it happen PSSI must be able to lobby FIFA so that it wants to cross Israel out of WC U20 if Indonesia LSG crosses Israel out the consequences will be fatal"
"Pak Ganjar...in this case...football about Israel participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia...I don't agree with you...sport yes sport...don't mix it up with politics... too much fear huh..?”
the issue of whether Israel will play or not in Indonesia U20 now the Palestinian ambassador meets Jokowi and discusses this Burundi | cook | islam | | Karina | mother mary | mulan | puck | cinderella | miss ot7 | private |
Those who refused the israel national team at the u20 world cup venue were just morons. they don't know if Indonesia's face is at stake there. not to mention that Indonesia's membership status in FIFA will be revoked if the event is cancelled. Erick Tohir should be firm in this matter. are you afraid of losing your voice?
"Regarding the boycott issue the results of discussion of activists and supporters of South Sumatra support the FIFA World Cup U20 event: the Israeli national team plays in Palembang which will result in Indonesia being subject to sanctions football activists and South Sumatran supporters declare their support"
"The Israeli national team polemic at the Indonesian U20 2023 world cup the Palestinian ambassador finally spoke up: the Israeli polemic at the Indonesian u20 2023 world cup the Palestinian ambassador said that his party had no objections and did not doubt Indonesia."
Israel U20 is the only one that makes nationalists and religious people get along hahaha
"About the Israeli U20 national team. It's not a problem I'm afraid there will be Israeli supporters in the stands and there will be commotion"
The Palestinian ambassador has already stated that they have no problem with Israel joining WC U20
"Rejecting Israel is legal but don't expect to expel Israel from the WC U20 event because you will definitely be subject to severe sanctions from FIFA. Those who force Israel to expel are either stupid or have no brains..."
erick thohir general chairman (ketum) pssi &amp; also as chairman of the local committee (loc) for the 2023 u-20 world cup while gangar refused to allow the israel u20 national team to come to compete in Indonesia which I'm surprised there are those who support the 22... aren't they contradicting each other!?
"That's also what I said yesterday it's better to take care of Central Java first floods etc. Because that's Sukarno's mandate as well... don't join in rejecting Israel. Do you have the courage to cross Israel out of the U20 team? It could fail and Indonesia will be banned eventually."
The problem is like this if Indonesia doesn't accept Israel in the U20 world cup and the world cup is in danger of failing and if the world cup fails Indonesia will be banned by FIFA all competitions in Indonesia will be frozen. If we don't accept we won't accept it either but the consequences of rejection are very risky
"if it is expanded then in fact the us regime is "big zionist" while "israel" is "small zionist" and against both of them what returns humanely is against while regarding the u20 world cup then what we reject is only the arrival of the fake zionist national team to Indonesia because it is illegal & colonial"
"Israel is just playing at JIS. Just hope the U20 World Cup is cancelled just make it a hassle"
"mui rejected the israel u20 team but came to israel..... 1 word hypocrisy"
"Apart from silence the opposition which often attacks the government by playing on the Palestine-Israel issue this is also a form of Pak Ganjar's support for the central government and PSSI who are still lobbying FIFA so that the Indonesian U20 World Cup can be without the Israeli team"
"Attacked from all directions because of the problem of Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup. I usually argue about football hard but for Israel this problem is really difficult"
"Essentially Israel can take part in the U20 World Cup because Israel has passed through the qualifying route. Those who refuse Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup certainly don't understand football and only think about jihad jihad"
"smart... the polemic for the Israel U20 national team is not the land focused on their duties and guarantees for future guests"
"Then why has Israel been able to play football all this time? Now try what are the benefits for Indonesia if Israel is rejected & doesn't play here? If the loss is clear the billions in preparation for the U20 World Cup are lost Indonesia will be banned from bidding for any event about football"
it's a shame if Indonesia refuses the arrival of the Israeli national team to Indonesia... who will lose later... Indonesia itself... to host the U20 Cup. is an honor for this country
"Pak Ganjar needs a political consultant to respond to current problems both firmness on intolerance anti-corruption and including the U20 World Cup. The world has changed. Arab countries support Palestine they still understand without having diplomatic relations with Israel it is difficult to enter the idea."
"It's best if you don't need to follow the pros and cons of the Israeli U20 national team let it be enough to respond to rewards and deep-frying here mas Anies just focus on traveling around Indonesia meeting lots of good people for the change and sustainability of this country"
"The arrival of the Israeli National Team to Indonesia in the 2023 U20 Cup tournament proves that Indonesia is welcome Indonesia must be proud and maintain sportsmanship. Without linking other interests let alone politics because the rules applied are purely from FIFA."
"By rejecting the Israeli U20 National Team Ganjar has become more cadets than the original Kadrun more FPI than the original FPI. Congratulations Mr. Ganjar!!!"
how do you respond to the israel u20 national team which will play in indonesia
it's really like Indonesia rejecting Israel in the U20 World Cup
It's a shame that the U20 National Team used mass organizations and the regional government to beat the Israel U20 National Team
"There is a difference in the first point: Russia is still in the play-offs while Israel U20 has already passed without a play-off"
"You support or reject israel champ?"
"problem with Israel's participation Indonesian supporters support the U20 World Cup without politics -"
"If Israel cannot participate in the U20 World Cup because of a ban from the host. Not only is PSSI at risk of being banned but hosting the U20 is also threatened with being cancelled... so forget the ""dream"" of hosting the Olympics and World Cup (senior ) so thank you"
"You have to be fair yesterday FIFA crossed out Russia at the 2022 Qatar World Cup. Now FIFA dares to cross Israel out of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. I'm with you"
"According to the boy of course there will be a wise decision regarding Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup."
"World Cup U20 we are only the organizers of this big event but why is the treatment different? Do the Israeli players have a political agenda here? Of course not..."
icis: rejecting the israel u20 national team is a constitutional mandate follow on google news:
"Welcome to the Israeli U20 national team. Those who refuse are also just bastards they don't do anything to help Palestine. It's just annoying as the whole world knows that Palestine has never made a proclamation of independence because of the noise of civil war"
"Israeli polemic at the U20 world cup reward for refusing Edy Rahmayadi: Even ghosts with a team can play via"
"It's useless to do trial matches. The state's costs and expenses are in vain. FIFA entrusts it to be the u20 host. Ormas rejects the Israeli team. The state doesn't seem firm. Does the term ""first happen then..."" want to be traditional in this country? Only. ..who knows..."
"I'm confused why Mr. Ganjar Pranowo rejected the presence of the Israel National Team as a participant in the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Apart from his attitude of support & commitment to Palestinian independence Mr. Ganjar also wants to maintain socio-political peace within Indonesia."
follow the talkative also reject Israel u20..
"If you set it back to the back the two claim each other if you set it back to the back there's no such country as Malaysia Brunei as well as Indonesia before the colonial period the area became Majapahit rule. Never mind bro my belief amid rejection from various parties the Israeli national team is still play on u20
"salam..the Israeli u20 polemic in my opinion is part of the politics of divisive Muslims the aim is to weaken the Indonesian nation..my advice is that we as a people must obey and follow whatever the government decides don't speculate anymore regarding u20 thanks everyone"
"The rejection of the Israeli U20 national team will be extraordinary Indonesian football will be destroyed due to FIFA sanctions then what about our footballers? Not if the FIFA sanctions make the international community not trust Indonesia to hold international events. Bung Towel's argument is very smart"
Those who demonstrated against the Israeli u20 soccer team don't understand. China as the host must be ready to facilitate all participating countries with all the consequences.
"To be honest the embarrassment of rejecting the Israeli national team it's clear that they are here to play the U20 World Cup"
israel u20 national team players enter Indonesia using what passport and visa?
Indonesia's position as represented inevitably has to comply with these rules. The rejection of the Israeli U20 national team which resonates everywhere basically and should have nothing to do with football if we return to the agreed principles and rules.
"The Governor of Bali and the Governor of Central Java are looking for a sensation by rejecting Israel in the U20 World Cup. This is FIFA football PSSI and the Indonesian government are only providing a place."
"letters e and f. Israelis may come to Indonesia on condition that they use an ordinary passport apply for a visa from the Spore/Thailand embassy. If U20 Israelis play in Indo they may play but are prohibited from using the Israeli symbol/flag and singing the gabole national anthem"
"It's crazy. Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup is not as a supporter but a participant who has officially passed the qualifications set by FIFA. If in Qatar at the last world cup Israelis were present only as football lovers. There is no obligation for Qatar u/accept them."
"Pak Ganjar is really smart and really thinks about the nation and the country about the issue of refusing the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 World Cup. He has his own way of refusing not through the guise of religion which is widely touted by the opposition."
The late Bob Marley must have smiled when he saw the Indonesian people making a fuss about the U20 World Cup whether or not to boycott the Israeli national team.
this issue is more important than the u20 world cup about israel
I understand more and more how it really is not to have a firm attitude &amp; have no principles &amp; can be ruled by another force. he joined in rejecting the arrival of israel u20 bro...
"letter e and letter f: Israeli citizens can go to Indonesia but with an ordinary passport through the Spore/Thailand consulate. That means Israelis can go to Indonesia. In the context of WC U20 they can compete in Indonesia but without the Israeli flag and no national anthem"
"It was their turn to ask for Israel's security in Indonesia but they were rejected outright. Here they are U20 you know they are still young. They just come to play football. Most of them are definitely not thinking about political affairs they want to pursue a career as a footballer. Maybe it seems that FIFA has a double standard."
"I want that there are reckless cadets who have succeeded in assimilating Israeli U20 athletes... so...""akwkakkwakwk"""
"It's not a matter of accepting/rejecting Israel personally but it's more regretful if I reject Israel Indonesia will be banned or fail to host the U20 World Cup."
Ganjar rejected the Israeli national team from playing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"After all why did Israel qualify for the European zone anyway never mind it's God's destiny that Israel will qualify for the U20 World Cup"
it's not about the loss of Palestine for participating in the U20... but the sympathy of every country for the sovereignty of Palestine as an independent country. where the Israeli Zionists have invaded the Palestinian state in a barbaric manner.
I appreciate your response... for the rejection of the Israeli U20 football team...
"Just cancel the U20 World Cup in Indonesia Israel has the right to appear because he has qualified"
"The problem is they passed through the qualifications not through the insider channel so it's also their right to take part in this U20 world cup tournament. We can't ban it and if the government bans Israel from playing we're all ready Indonesia will be given severe sanctions from FIFA"
"Umar Israel is participating in the qualifications meaning there is a chance to win 1 participant ticket for the U20 World Cup &amp; they get that..and you should know that too..why didn't you protest yesterday with Uefa and FIFA during the qualification? Why are you protesting now after they escaped? the brain where the brain???"
Governor of West Java Ridwan Kamil responded to the polemic over the rejection of the Israeli team's participation in the 2023 U-20 World Cup on May 20.
"Yesterday when Israel took part in the qualification why didn't you make a fuss protesting against Uefa and FIFA suddenly you have passed to get tickets for the U20 World Cup you guys are noisy..brains..where are the brains..???"
If Saudi Arabia colonized Yemen how dare you not be rejected according to the 45 Constitution if Saudi Arabia also joined U20 with Israel..
hopefully not more blunders. rejection of the israel u20 team will have a very bad impact on indonesian football. actually there is a more diplomatic way. for example still playing without an audience. so the ball keeps going without sacrificing the footballers in our country.
yes. Let's just wait for Megawati and Jokowi's statements regarding Indonesia hosting the U20 World Cup and the Israel National Team.
"fifa who has a purpose Indonesia is made a committee so that they can benefit from the event..... support israel competing in u20."
"Indonesia is not afraid of FIFA or whether it is autonomous has regulations. FIFA invited Israel to attend U20 because it qualified as runnerup in the European zone. Indonesia prepared itself as a host long before Israel knew Israel had qualified for the U20 World Cup. It's not good for misleading framing!"
"The U20 World Cup group that has Israel it's better to play it at the Le Jayapura stadium so it's safe from the disturbance of the devils"
"Support the Israeli team performing in the U20 Cup... Indonesia is like only the committee which has FIFA intentions."
"I already know that Israel has the possibility of playing at U20 if you want to reject it from the start doesn't it cost a lot of money to refuse. lengob"
"Salute sir don't go with the pros and cons regarding the arrival of Israel U20 as the venue is designated as a venue we should be professional and ensure the event runs smoothly. war is over Palestine Thailand bukber Islam"
keep refusing the israel national team to play the u20 world cup
dealing with people who reject Israel at U20 while we are hosting an international event right? think of having maguire at the back of your favorite club... only those who understand...
"Whatever it is as long as it is a government policy and decision for the greater interest of the future for the country I fully support it if the Israeli U20 team competes in Indonesia and then Palestine cancels its independence."
The governors of Bali and Central Java turned out to be radically intolerant cadres more than PLO and Hammas because of the Israeli team's objection to playing the U20 World Cup.
"If Israel passed but after being checked Israel did not perform well at U20 but maybe they are just lucky enough to qualify for Pildun."
"So why not make it like that too or just make a temporary agreement specifically to accommodate the U20 even if you have to go through a broker you can buy weapons from Israel.
"Idiot this idiot has been acting arrogantly forbidding Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. It has nothing to do with football and politics let alone religion. Just look for it people the National Team will be banned from FIFA which will be our own loss"
reward &amp; reject the israel football team to indonesia. pbnu supports the israel team to the u20 world cup in indonesia. pbnu does not support pks &amp; modyarr kowe
"I want to ask when was the Israel U20 National Team the last time they passed the U20 World Cup? Never yes this is the first time this year. Could it be that they were deliberately released by FIFA to help the propaganda of the Israeli Zionist government to smoothen their diplomatic relations with countries like Indonesia."
"Wait a minute... let the discussion be the same then an announcement will be made whether they support or not after Israel competes U20."
who rejected Israel at U20 WC: 1. Islamists 2. Sukarnoist constitutionalist nationalists 3. Leftists who accept 1. Moderate Muslims 2. Ultranationalists 3. Islamophobes 4. Liberalists a glance
We have a president wow what is that governor? what party is it? this time the president must determine the attitude and if Israel accepts then those who refuse must give sanctions if the president rejects Israel then just disband the u20 world cup event this is all right
"For the Pildun Israel will join the European group OK?
"The government and related stakeholders have prepared everything starting from the stadium and its supporting infrastructure but the Indonesian U20 World Cup was canceled just because of Israel's participation really sad"
I totally agree with PBNU the Israeli team came and played to win the U20 World Cup. we all have nothing to lose.. if kadrun feels like a loss don't worry
Mr. GP doesn't care if the voters are disappointed and then they choose Prabowo or John. Whether you want to be disappointed or not the voters Mr. GP know that the U20 football event with the Israeli national team is fast and cannot be cancelled. the match will continue and the public will return to normal
If it's Israel's problem I have a different view from Pak Ganjar. because I still support Israel coming to Indonesia to hold the U20 World Cup.
if only because israel took part in the you 20 world cup indonesia then you prefer the u20 world cup indonesia to be canceled that means you have lost your mind
"Maybe these people think; if they reject the Israeli U20 team then the conflict between Israel and Palestine will be finished. The mindset is the same as America which always tries to put pressure on Russia but Ukraine is still being bombarded by Russia. So: who is similar to those people?  then infidel"
"But if AB continues to support the U20 running with Israel it means he is in the ranks of some football lovers. The part that says that politics doesn't need to be involved in football and is in line with the government if at some moments Anies follows the role model of popularity of JKW"
"If you're not ready to accept Israel you don't have to apply to be a U20 host from the tribe..."
"We'll see what's clear is that the U20 World Cup has problems and in the end it gets banned by FIFA it will definitely have an effect on other events sports or other things. Do you want Israel or not! If you want a solution it might still be safe but if you insist whatever the solution is fine! destroying Indonesia's credibility"
"When it comes to hypocrisy mui is the champion .... radicals supporters of Isis flirting with Israel complete American lackeys in the country's mui are only made into trash want to hold the U20 World Cup the people clash with the government so that there will be chaos may Allah punish the hypocrites in this country"
the government has also been preparing for this prestigious event from far away. However rejection from a number of elements of society regarding the participation of the Israeli national team in the Indonesian U20 World Cup event occurred in various regions including West Java.
"The difference between Anis Matta and Anies Baswedan. I haven't read or heard of Anies' stance on Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Because Anies is predicted to advance in the 2024 presidential election he needs to open his voice and act on sensitive matters. Don't play it safe by not talking ."
but sir don't be primitive don't join in rejecting the Israeli U20s - what are you doing for rejecting the Israeli U20s to compete in Indonesia - that's a tacky thought
"Even when I asked a few days ago several of the organ volunteers who supported the presidential candidate couldn't answer instead using the excuse that he adhered to Bung Karno's teachings and was told to wait for the PSSI's decision regarding Israel's pildun u20. It's okay if the volunteer organs don't know that strgy"
"Actually this is my personal opinion I see that the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup is full of polemic. What if the Lukas Enembe Papua Stadium venue is prepared as a special match venue for Israel. I see that in Papua it is rare to discuss this polemic."
"Yesterday when the G20 Israeli representatives went to Indonesia they kept quiet even though it was clear that they had something to do with politics now they're just young people U20 come here just want to play football they loudly refuse. hadeh......."
the choice that was taken by reward to reject the israel national team was the right step to avoid the big upheaval that might happen
Sing Ra is right with the mindset of the Indonesian people Sing refuses Israel to point the kui ning at the U20 World Cup event
"the israel national team played at wc u20 indonesia not from the result of colonizing the opposing countries in the qualifications..before this the israelians came to indonesia you stayed silent israel did not fight with his opponent spy lost and israel passed no politics etc. pure sport."
Israel refused U20 on humanitarian grounds but the tragedy of the 135 lives was only considered entertainment... it's complicated
"Even though the Indonesian people support the independence of Palestine and reject the Israeli U20 team from entering Indonesia the attitude of the Intelligence and the government of the Republic of Indonesia is to secretly purchase war equipment made by Israel."
the problem of peo cons israel with its u20 really opens our eyes that education about constitutional change and statehood is null
FIFA should move the U20 World Cup to another country that is ready...Indonesia was also canceled from participating in the U20 World Cup because it was not the host... Israel was refused to play in Indonesia...Indonesia's U20 national team is also not eligible to play if Indonesia is canceled host.
keep it up mas guardian the israel u20 team is the entry point and so that the republic of indonesia has a high bargaining value to be able to make peace in palestine
Israel has passed the U20 World Cup it's been a long time even though it's been a tight turn to start the U20 only to voice rejection. Consider it a trial in the month of fasting again
dihh pretending to be really cool you idiot” in org. Please explain how you can help people by banning the Israeli U20 national team from playing here. The Palestinian ambassador doesn't mind how come you're hot. really fucking cock
"Well instead of refusing the Israeli U20 national team to fry the kadrun with PKS it's like a counterweight to the fried seasoning PDIP also refuses. As a qc mas Wali Solo"
"Not hostile to sports a logical fallacy while football is a sport that is also loved by Israelis. The question is how do you separate football players from football sports so there are no Israeli players. Moreover the Israeli U-20 national team has qualified for the U-20."
support the israel u20 national team to compete in indonesia
"Reject Israel at the 2023 U20 World Cup Rocky Gerung: Thank Israel for being suspected of being a traitor to the constitution"
If Yai Said refuses it means keep going. Congratulations on the Israel U20 National Team
The polemic about the planned arrival of the Israeli National Team to take part in the U20 World Cup match in Indonesia is heating up. Two governors have refused to allow the Israeli national team to play on their territory. some experts call for wearing sports goggles only.
It's really stupid for rejecting the Israeli U20 team.
"Indonesia if you don't want to take risks with Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup please don't bid yourself to host a FIFA event. Israel is a member of FIFA they have the right to take part in FIFA events with the official rules that apply we are not the ones who manage"
"With great regret I was the one who supported him and in 2024 I will have to cancel seeing his comments about the Israeli U20 National Team"
"From the start there was a possibility that Israel could qualify for this u20. If you want to reject it you have to start from the beginning. This has issued a lot but has refused. Is it because if you refuse from the start there will be no income in your pockets?"
"Be alert bib maybe this has something to do with the Israeli u20 team coming here."
"It doesn't matter after all domestic football is still in chaos. As a form of solidarity with Palestine we refuse the Israeli U20 National Team to come to Indonesia. So that the Israeli children understand the impact of oppression on Palestine affects them too."
"There was a lot of rejection about the arrival of the Israeli national team to play at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia he said Indonesia would be banned from FIFA if it failed to carry out this event."
"yes everyone rejected the Israeli national team Indonesia failed to host WC U20 and was automatically banned by FIFA the government had reasons to disband and create a new football federation filled with professionals and competent in their fields"
"the issue of israel's rejection at the u20 world cup is actually an attempt to "enliven/heat/enliven"" ahead of the 2024 political year. could be a wild ball of fire to play with don't you think?"
It's also called the world cup. countries from all over the world will be attending. just make your own “world cup without israel u20”
"Wow it's really good for politicians who are riding the wave of Israeli polemics taking part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. The right stage to look for an image."
"The one who proposed & threw out the issue of rejecting Israel's U20 is already clear just mark the person after all it looks like those who understand football or those who don't understand. Bung Karno's business all of you leave FIFA & all world sports organizations that may be Israel can join..easy.."
"I am a pure lover of Indonesian football yes I definitely accept it the U20 world cup is the best moment for Indonesian football wow!!! It really sucks at issues of religious politics etc. The Palestinians themselves don't even have any objections or demonstrations against Israel's participation. !"
"Even when I asked a few days ago several of the organ volunteers who supported the presidential candidate couldn't answer instead using the excuse that he adhered to Bung Karno's teachings and was told to wait for the PSSI's decision regarding Israel's pildun u20. It's okay if the volunteer organs don't know that strgy"
"Just because Ganjar banned Israel from participating in U20 then we chose the presidential candidate from Khilaf4h sorry !! because what we have chosen at this time has a long-term track record for Indonesia because of Israel we want to replace Pancasila with a leader of khilaf4h for life.. doesn't make sense .."
"Yes whatever the reason it must be rejected it's called a Zionist nation please join U20 in another country but not in Indonesia the Republic of Indonesia must reject the cruel Israelite nation by colonizing & invading Palestine without end"
"Please listen ladies and gentlemen...! The arrival of the Israeli U20 national team cannot be canceled...!!!"
As soon as they found out that Israel passed FIFA U20 they immediately became Palestinian.
"Yth. Bung Karno's mandate (bk) for Palestine to become independent but after the bk there was no Indonesian government &amp; many countries in the world did not fully support the United Nations for Palestine to become independent. Even many Arab countries support Israel so it is not right to refuse Israel to come to the U20 World Cup. "
Ganjar rejects the presence of the Israeli National Team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia as a form of support for Palestinian independence Hailey Meredith | megumi | uniqlo | teeth | hailey | israel | jjk s2 | taylor | gojo | toji | tuchel geto | selena | |
the response of the palestine ambassador about the israel national team at the u20 world cup
Waiting for the new Ketum PSSI's breakthrough sir to run the U20 World Cup without Israel and without being penalized by FIFA. I immediately chose the president of his father. for success on all fronts. Just stay in the lobby for the Hajj queue.
"The U20 World Cup OST hosted by Weird Genius Tiara Andini Lyodra and Ziva Magnolya reaped negative comments from netizens!"
"Last year in 2022 the BWF Badminton Championships and the Rock Climbing World Championships were held in Jakarta Israeli athletes participating in the 2 championships were safe and no one refused. Why now at the U20 World Cup did Israel reject athletes from Israel if there was no political element there would be no noisy like now."
"2022 BWF Badminton Championships and World Rock Climbing Championships in Jakarta Israeli athletes participating in the 2 championships are safe and no one refuses. Why now at the U20 World Cup reject athletes from Israel if there is no political element there will not be as noisy as now."
you just look old but you are less wise than the mayor who is much younger in responding to the Israeli polemic at the Indonesian U20 world cup
the governor is also afraid of the israel u20 national team.
"If many do not accept the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team including from regional officials the government should have refused from the start to host the U20 World Championship in this country. So don't be shy."
"From a football point of view Israel has the right and deserves to pass WC U20 because they legally qualify through qualification. However in other cases they have the right to be criticized/boycotted or whatever. One of the references is Minister of Foreign Affairs Number 3 2019"
"These children are from a country that colonizes viciously being rejected doesn't hate children under 20. But it has an effect on the nation. Don't act as you please towards the Palestinian nation. Just being rejected is already frenzied Israel kills and takes the rights of the Palestinian people why are they even turning a blind eye? "
"Indeed it was FIFA that decided that we could only put pressure on FIFA so that it can ban Israel like Russia for us there is no impact that we are in the upper hand because it is impossible for the U20 World Cup to be postponed FIFA will lose big if it fails to be held it's easier to replace Israel with another country"
"If in the end Israel refuses why are you tired of bidding yourself as the U20 host... that's called an idiot... after all those who shout refusal are because of political interests in Bali shouting to reject Israel even though many of the foreign tourists are of Jewish descent"
Try it sis. If you have a way to prevent Israel from qualifying for the U20 World Cup can you share it with us how do you do it?
"I can answer this Russia still qualified for the European zone when it was banned while Israel U20 has already qualified or is a participant"
u20 world cup without israel? Can Indonesia prevent Israel from qualifying for the U20 World Cup? how do you think sis?
"It's a dilemma indeed for accepting Israel to enter Indo especially for the majority community. What is certain there needs to be discussion from PSSI and FIFA to find a solution if a decision is needed to be made immediately before the U20 World Cup is held (obviously) because this issue is like a snowball"
how do you do the u20 world cup without israel? Israel is a member of FIFA... If Israel rejects Indonesia from the start Indonesia should not run to host the FIFA World Cup because Israel is a FIFA member.
wkwkwk the management of football is clearly a mess why insist on being the host of the world cup. plus some parties who refuse Israel to play in the U20 World Cup I wonder where the class of the World Cup is
"Just the Palestinian ambassador don't bother about Israel qualifying for the U20 World Cup. So what's excited is the mass organizations whose brains are tilted to the right. The funny thing is our netizens are all hooked. Party A orders a boycott. Party B accepts just like it or not. really konoha"
"There is no reason to reject the U20 national team Israel became independent in 1948 Indonesia became independent in 1945 with support from outside including small Arab countries too. During the time of the late Gus Dur Nu diplomatic towards Israel was open there is no reason for Indonesia to reject Israel or Afghanistan."
the conflict between Palestine vs Israel which angered Indonesian Palestinians agreed that the Israeli U20 team would join the competition. Indonesia actually refused. question: are Indonesians odgj?
"alert maybe it has something to do with the israel u20 team coming"
"Congratulations U20 Israel National Team. Hny thinks Indonesia since the time of President Soekarno has had relations with Israel & small Arab countries. Israel became independent around 1948 so Indonesia has no reason to reject Israel / not side with small Arab countries."
fuck off for the issue of the israel u20 world cup being rejected.. already guessed it would be like this in capers for next year's elections.. it's more interesting to find information on girls who look like people in the real world..
"I agree with you Oddy and I also really hate Israel but in this case Indonesia doesn't have the power to kick Israel out of the U20 world cup. FIFA is rotten!"
"If you're afraid of being antagonized by Palestine because of allowing Israel to come to Indonesia it doesn't make sense the Palestinian ambassador just relaxed and said it was Indonesia's right as the host. After all only 23 children u20 plus staff just wanted to play football not invite the Indonesian government to cooperate bilaterally."
what is the reason israel football is not allowed to play in the u20 world cup in indonesia...
"I support how come Indonesia canceled the U20. Our country cannot accept Israel even though they are an independent country. If FIFA is banned it doesn't matter after all the important thing is that Muslims who are defenders of Palestine can see the direct impact. Don't talk just cancel it.."
just reject the israel national team later so that everyone knows why indonesia... as a country that canceled the u20 world cup wkwkk
"Dear ndoro Israel has passed the ndoro qualification so they have the right to play in the u20 world cup I am Indonesian but we have to be aware that sport and politics are different planets oh yes this is in line with the party's voice right? If you don't want to be different that's fine comment !!"
"There are many politicians refusing Israel to play in the U20 World Cup. Regardless of the political issue do you prefer Israel to keep playing or refuse?"
"Indonesia's oath is complicated FIFA has given the opportunity to host the U20 World Cup it's still problematic and it's made political.. Rejected the Israeli team to join in the game the Palestinians are fine and it doesn't matter it's not a problem for those who are being colonized it's okay for us to fail what a thrill wonder my gosh"
That's FIFA's decision as a committee. wrong right they are responsible. we are not a committee. There are implications for Indonesian football if the Israeli U20 team refuses to play here. If we also mix politics with sports won't it make it even more complicated even though we are non-aligned.
"""it's great that we are hosting the u20 world cup. let's get ready"" ""wow this is cool"" after all this time of preparation... fifa...fafifu wasweswos..."" indonesia oh indonesia"
"Just keep it simple if the U20 World Cup fails to take place in Indonesia FIFA will be penalized. My illustration separates politics and sports: let Israel play but you can't fly the country's flag and ban Israeli supporters from coming to Indonesia"
"Calm down admin those who are loudly refusing are just looking for votes it will still take place how come the U20 World Cup and Israel will also continue to play"
In fact when deciding whether to host the U20 World Cup the Israeli team's problem with joining it should have been resolved without further polemic. If you want to be the host country you already know the consequences so it shouldn't matter when it's going to be held... you have to be consistent
"Those of you who don't like Israel playing in the Indonesian U20 World Cup why don't you all just say there's no need for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.."
"My suggestion is that Israel is still welcome in this U20 world cup but if possible you don't need to raise the Israeli flag and don't play the national anthem. The Israeli flag can be replaced with the federation flag. Like IOC when I went to Russia yesterday hehe..."
"gus yahya this is not a loss or not but this is a matter of our constitution russia and israel must be denied attendance at the u20 if playing in indonesia proves the failure of jokowi's foreign policy.. !!"
"Jabar urges Governor Ridwan Kamil to refuse the Israeli team to play in West Java at the U20 World Cup."
"imho I don't like the presence of Israel. But the Palestinian ambassador is already weak why don't we just set an example? I don't want to struggle. I'm lobbying the office so I can join in as a volunteer. It's fine I think they don't have to struggle to become U20 volunteers. ?"
"I agree with the opinion of the chairman of Gus Yahya. The arrival of the Israeli U20 National Team does not need to be hindered or even banned. Please take action and demonstrate but don't interfere with the agenda especially since the future of Indonesian football is at stake"
rejecting Israel also does not affect Palestine. those in Indonesia refuse while citizens in Palestine alone don't necessarily care about U20 and think about Indonesia.
"Some time ago at the United Nations Israel's foreign minister gave a speech about their main mission in the near future which is to open diplomatic relations with a Muslim-majority country like Indonesia. The worry is that Israel's qualification for the U20 World Cup is now a conspiracy deliberately designed to politicize them."
does that mean we close the opportunity to participate in bidding olympics? If we participate in the bidding of course all countries will agree. how come your brain is like that? trying to keep u20 running but without israel? You already know from the start of the bidding... right? sorry ya..where is your intelligence?
"If someone says that with Israel's rejection the U20 World Cup will be canceled and will result in economic losses for this nation well our economy will still be fine even if we don't hold a WC U20 event! We don't rely on international events to survive!"
can't do that either. Those who have qualified for the U20 World Cup are the current Israeli players. If you are given a guarantee to pass the players will be different
"Ganjar Pranowo and I Wayan Koster are united in rejecting Israel in the Indonesian U20 World Cup remember Bung Karno's message!"
Mr. Qatar can't be Israeli supporters not the Israeli national team.. If Israel passed yesterday's world cup I think Israel could also participate in Qatar even without an audience. sorry sir..
Where is the central government's statement that they want the U20 World Cup without Israel? either Jokowi or Erick Thorhir who is the PSSI coordinator?
"israel against the boss once against it could be a failed u20 world cup"
"Israel is also great many countries fear it wkwkwkwk. I Hindus also support Palestine to become an independent country because humanity is not religion. But by rejecting Israel's presence to take part in the U20 world cup competition what are the good effects for Palestine?"
"Israel just accept why in the U20 world cup its football bro come on politics is put aside football is number 1. Don't you want to be ashamed of Indonesia's status as a host?"
"Just a suggestion okay it's better to just step down to host this U20 world cup. Next time check first the competition is Israel or not if there is don't volunteer to be the host. I support Palestine to become an independent country but smart a little wkkwkwk."
supporters support the 2023 u20 world cup without political elements
the Russia case was protested by many European Union countries whose allies the US &amp; FIFA is under their control... while the one that rejected the U20 Israel National Team was only Indonesia... how can you remember that Indonesia itself applied to be accepted as host of the U20 World Cup.
"the israel team at u20 has been dragged into political issues we are too small let alone to the point of rejecting it as an international community we should see it proportionally greetings of common sense"
Make sure those who refuse the U20 Israel National Team to compete in Indonesia provide a living for football players who have lost their jobs in Indonesia
"Who do you want to choose in 2024? It's even weirder" in 2023. Especially because Israel U20 only wants to play football"
What is the Governor of Bali basically refusing? Well that's basically why Israel was rejected. As for example Pak Jokowi still allows Israel to play at U20 so it's legal right Pak Jokowi the head of state for Indonesia. if you are still koar2 israel who should be allowed to you?
Jokowi's statement against the Israeli U20 football team where is Aunty? Do you want to hate Jokowi too? It's made as if the same party is Indonesia. object madam..
"The U20 World Cup could be canceled if the draw is not held on time. The football observer who is also the coordinator of Save Our Soccer Akmal Marhali spoke about Israel's rejection of Indonesia. In his opinion this would actually be detrimental to the Red and White. What's your opinion guys?"
Could this be a change in the PBNU logo after the presence of the Israeli football team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
"On - U20 I hope it's as expected Mr. Ganjar right Cong Bencong there are no Israeli infidels"
"Even the Palestinian ambassador doesn't mind Israel taking part in the U20 World Cup are you ready to run away?"
a mature and cool view of the presence of the israel football team at the u20 world cup which will be held in indonesia
finally there are also good people who think clearly speaking on this matter if the israel u20 national team doesn't play in the world cup will it help palestine? Or playing in Indonesia will benefit Palestine? Indonesia even has a loss because Indonesia will be subject to FIFA sanctions
"Ma'am I want to ask about the rejection of the U20 Israel National Team how about Mas Wali will you also refuse if the Israel National Team is playing where?"
we believe and believe... you will be able to accept the U20 world championship event including Israel... only the football team is not a country and Jewish politics...
"Erick Thohir has a big role how to succeed in organizing the U20 with the participation of the Israeli National Team the choice is to remain in a dilemma: to allow Israel at the risk of declining electability or to reject Israel at the risk of Indonesia being removed by FIFA from organizing the event"
no one harmed. for allowing the israel team to compete at u20 in indonesia does not necessarily make us supporters of israel in political terms. because politics and sports are 2 different things. And it has nothing to do with religion either.
"It seems the government is not ready or not mature in deciding from the start as a host it's best to already know that the majority of Indonesians are not going to accept Israeli U20 players but are still willing to accept FIFA's offer."
What are the disadvantages for the PDIP and Israel... to the point where I have to join in rejecting the Israeli U20 team... sorry I'm also a PDIP administrator...
"This rich wise answer is for a regional head not an answer that rejects the Israeli U20 National Team"
"I regret it as big as the reward for refusing what are the benefits for the Indonesian people by rejecting the Israeli meeting...? Fighting for an independent Palestine is not by sinking their own nation in the international community by being rejected."
But what do you think about refusing to reward the Israeli U20 team?
"The banning of bukber may be controversial. However comparing the banning of bukber with the Israeli U20 national team being allowed to attend is an essential form of stupidity. You know what kind of intelligence can be expected from someone who differentiates the result of plastic surgery from a victim of a beating you can't."
there is no point in accepting the israel u20 national team either
"That's why all international events don't just happen in Java and Bali Manado can host the Israeli U20 football team which will compete in Indonesia..."
Is it true that you rejected the arrival of the U20 Israel national team??
"The existence of the Israeli football team that has qualified for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia has its pros & cons. As the host Indonesia must decide wisely so that these pros and cons can be resolved properly. What is the best solution? [talk] Kali DPR RI Commission  Abdul Fikri Faqih
Indonesia is the host and FIFA is the organiser. I can't imagine if Indonesia rejects the Israeli U-20 national team at the PD-U20 it will have a bad impact on Indonesian football and will definitely be penalized by FIFA
but why did ganjar reject the israel u20 national team..???
GP made a blunder with his statement refusing the U20 Israel National Team to compete in the U20 World Cup in INA. I was also the one who had hoped for the GP to be hesitant to vote for him if he later appeared as a presidential candidate in the 2024 election. It's better to keep quiet and not make statements that undermine the confidence of his supporters.
"If Indonesia bans the U20 Israel National Team from competing in Indonesia as the host Indonesia is not subject to FIFA rules it is better if Indonesia is canceled as the host for the U20 World Cup rather than ugly in the eyes of the international community"
Ganjar rejects the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia as a form of support for Palestinian independence tiktok ceo | koeman | benzema | israel | nagelsmann | jupiter | tuchel | jongin | hyunjin | bayern | if | huawei | thanks | leave | | foive
"Hopefully PSSI won't be banned from FIFA for refusing the Israeli National Team to compete in the U20 World Cup so that Leagues 1 2 and 3 can continue as they hope"
Mr. Erick this is your media please put it in order. against your will to accept the israel team u20
"Look uncle the Israeli national team came to Ina because they took part in the FIFA U20 football event because those who volunteered to host the organizers hate can be stupid or not the Palestinian ambassador didn't question why our people refused it's funny very funny"
Haven't heard your opinion as a supporter of Israel regarding the U20 case.
there are no words that reject Israeli u20 athletes
"But they are colonialists. Palestine has been colonized for years recently killing Palestinians has often occurred. If you obey the 1945 Constitution *colonialism over the world must be abolished*. If supporting Israel continues to play at U20 it means supporting the colonialists."
"It is planned that the U20 final will be held in Bali Central Java etc. The reasons for the governors of Bali and Central Java for rejecting the Israel U-20 team to play in Bali or Central Java are the same and congruent with the reasons previously stated; refusing the Israeli U-20 team to play in Indonesia."
stop icon. stop booster. stop the israel u20 national team... daahhhh.... that's the important thing..
"There is nothing to do with the BK mandate and the U20 World Cup. Israel has qualified but was not invited. This is a big event for football fans don't overlap with political interests. Especially about the presidential candidate copras. Disappointed with the GP"
"ganjar rejected the presence of the israel national team at the u20 world cup in indonesia as a form of support for palestine independence dkriuk | 1.2 m | hanasui | congratulations rm | ritz-carlton | rinov | koeman | venus | sri asih | netherlands | | |"
As a football lover I want the U20 World Cup to run smoothly &amp; the people get a good show and are free from political interests. israel qualified not given privileges. hopefully heard by .
"1) What does Ganjar have to do with the U20 World Cup it's just a place right? No comment 2) His refusal made it difficult for Jokowi & Erik Thor after the governor of Bali also refused 3) Ganjar's attitude explained that Indonesia's future will never be able to host a world event when israel
"Be more literate sir don't let your decisions become ridiculous I hope Indonesia doesn't get banned because of this ridiculousness the governor of Bali Wayan Koster Surati Kemenpora rejects the U20 Israel National Team deputy governor: his attitude is clear"
"anies won't make a sound wong in 2022 the BWF badminton championships and world rock climbing which will be held in Jakarta Israeli athletes are participating so he doesn't want to comment on the u20 world cup. So this is pretending to be looking for sympathy which in the end backfires for him."
The electability of LSG's rewards has fallen because of Israel's rejection at the U20 World Cup
"Gangar is smart he deliberately refuses even though he knows exactly what Ganjar's refusal will not prevent the Israeli U20 team from playing but will affect Palestinian supporters"
"The most phenomenal thing and what I like about the Kadrun Bungul sentence for those who rejected the Israel U20 team egh now the conditions have turned to their own idols so what should I do cancel with support for Ganjar Indra's 6th Noel said;"
hold back. no need to over react. especially during the holy month of Ramadan. just accept they came to play ball. discussion is also possible. so that the Israeli government gives independence to Palestine. they are u20 soccer players who don't know anything about politics in their country. let them play!
"Refuse the U20 Israeli national team to take the 45th constitution. It was the turn for the Christian worship to be disbanded. The persecution also occurred everyone pretended to be blind and deaf!!!"
"My advice is that you shouldn't comment on the issue of the U20 World Cup and Israel's participation just follow the decisions of the central government because that is the authority of the PSSI and the central government. Because your statement was a blunder the other day and many were disappointed."
"My advice is that you shouldn't comment on the issue of the U20 World Cup and Israel's participation just follow the decisions of the central government because that is the authority of the PSSI and the central government. Because your statement was a blunder the other day and many were disappointed."
"The U20 World Cup didn't have much effect on the people's economy the audience was also quiet. It won't be like Qatar which hosted the World Cup yesterday. It's better to reject Israel."
Indonesia is not fifa boss. russia banned by fifa not the host. Indonesia should not feel that they have the rights that FIFA has. Even if Israel should be banned from competing in the WC-U20 FIFA will not be the host
clear difference; the israel u20 national team does not bring money to pragmatic opportunists (useless)
this is when sport is clashed with politics. here are two governors who are in a cage in a compact rejecting the israel u20 national team and the k-drun crowd cheering happily to see all of this.
top news merdeka people's newspaper Palestinian ambassador Sowan to Jokowi the issue of the Israeli team in the u20 world cup was not discussed
"So don't just poke fun at Indonesia told you not to bid yourself to be the host of the U20 WC. Yes it's all right Israel doesn't have to take part in the U20 WC qualification from the start because they are a problematic country."
"It is in line with our foreign policy policies but here a wise leader must be able to distinguish between politics and sports... while the Palestinian ambassador himself has no problem with Israel's participation in the U20 Cup."
"But Israel is a more problematic country boycotted in many countries especially Muslim-majority countries. From the start they should have been self-aware to step down if their presence has the potential to be boycotted by the WC U20 host."
"It's surprising that so many people mock Indonesia. I'll give an out of the box opinion. Blame it on FIFA. You already know Israel and Indonesia don't have good relations. Israel should have been banned from joining WC U20 from the start and Indonesia was banned from hosting WC U20."
"BP made a blunder regarding the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup. &amp; we lost the figure expected in 2024 to switch to PS for me personally is not necessarily good because if PS Republik Indonesia is 1 then he will reconcile with PKS. In my case I hope PKS will be the opposition of all time"
"Does this understand the problem or is it just imaging? Tens of thousands of people who depend on the sports industry which did not exist during Soekarno's time will starve because they rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup fortunately you have not become a presidential candidate. Popularity above the suffering of the sports industry"
"Does this understand the problem or is it just imaging? Tens of thousands of people who depend on the sports industry which did not exist during Soekarno's time will starve because they rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup fortunately you have not become a presidential candidate. Popularity above the suffering of the sports industry"
"What rights do you understand Indonesia's status or not? We are only "host of tournament" which means we only provide a place for other countries to compete so there is no right to prohibit anyone from competing. Moreover Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup in a fair manner (track qualification)"
We support the governor of Bali &amp; central java who rejected the u20 nas israel team...
"I'm sorry sir with your statement that you refuse the Israel U20 national team to play in Indonesia I assume you don't understand the problem but you only understand imaging."
"Not yet fit to be president just being pressured domestically on the issue of Israel's participation in the FIFA U20 World Cup it's already lethargic how will the international community pressure it later"
pros and cons of the israel u20 national team competing in indonesia
"which is for Israel but it's imported from a country that bought it from Israel. Now the solution if Israel wants to keep playing at U20 is to take care of the passports of countries that are accepted by Indonesia Palestine for example"
us filled israel sympathizers. all banned too donk. they are in the u20 wc
"Regarding Israel's participation Indonesian supporters support the U20 World Cup without politics"
who wants to play soccer for the Israeli u20 national team where do you want to colonize? only 11 people played and did not carry weapons
"The palace camp's viral blunder: participating in rejecting the Israeli U20 national team Anis Matta's words but considered Anies and Baswedan Pramono's clarification regarding the ban on bukber which is not connected between the circular letter and the clarification. hahahahha"
I want to ask sir.. if we reject u20 israel.. will we also reject japan and the netherlands.. who have colonized us for years??? how will the feelings of the heroes who have fallen later??
"Input for the committee spy u20 can continue according to the agenda specifically for the match the Israeli team is in Singapore or a neighboring country that is willing to borrow a place. Other teams are playing in Indonesia. win win solution."
"Most of those who talk about the rejection of Israel's arrival to take part in the U20 World Cup are from figures who usually talk politics. It's no wonder that a lot of people have actually created divisions while it seems like no one has spoken up from figures or football observers yet"
Besides your version of Israel's history is wrong and cannot be accounted for...that is also out of context because Indonesia is anti-colonial...then Indonesia should reject the Israeli U20 football team as an colonial country...
"isn't it hot bro you're joining the demo"" refuse the israel u20 players but in the end "" they still play anyway"
"Sir if you want to use President Sukarno's commitment why don't you just go back to Mr. Karno's era? The reason is that you only want to seek support from Kadrun? President Sukarno has banned the national team from competing against Israel you know not forbidding Israel from competing in the U20 World Cup"
Just ask him to make a video declaration of support from the Israel U20 National Team to support Mr. Anies Rasyid Baswedan as president of Indonesia to end this case
the group that rejected israel at u20 is the group of clown men
"Par tai who doesn't use pancasila but says pekoro against the Israeli u20 team seems to understand the law the most."
"Indonesia refused the arrival of the Israeli team at the U20 world cup which was considered a war crime just like Russia at that time if only it was that easy kwkwkwk"
Brita that is circulating is true Mr. Ganjar and PDIP rejected the Israel U20 national team... please explain thank you
"The solution is easy ask the Israel U20 National Team to make a video declaring their support for Mr. Anies Rasyid Baswedan as president. At Jmian it will be safe and there will be supporters in every match."
"If the statement about the rejection of the Israeli team in the U20 World Cup is true it is really very unfortunate. The class of GP think about mixing political &amp; sports affairs"
And you are still trapped by betmen regarding participation in the WC U20 event and also the president's ban on breaking open books for officials and civil servants?? please don't be so stupid...
3 inappropriate reasons to refuse
even though the arrival of the israel u20 national team to indonesia could be the perfect moment to campaign for palestine independence when israel played in a stadium carrying the palestine flag ... wkwkwk
"Indeed Israel does not deserve to be called a country it is more appropriate to be called a land thief a vicious killer participants in the U20 competition have a country but there is one who is not a country. I am sure Israel itself wants to be called a land thief a vicious killer because the fact is that it is"
Is it true sir that you rejected the Israel U20 National Team? What is the reason? why are you just now making such a statement? Why didn't Indonesia bid for the U20 World Cup from a long time ago? Why didn't FIFA recognize the Israeli national team from the start?
pros and cons of the israel u20 national team competing in indonesia
"Indonesia must firmly reject the U20 team from Israel's illegal regime as a form of rejection of colonialism because Indonesia has also felt colonized for more than 300 years"
"That's why it's good the Israel U20 national team doesn't have to come!!! Refuse the Israel U20 national team to play in the territory of the Republic of Indonesia"
Well right... I guessed it... Mr. Ganjar's statement refusing the Israeli U20 national team to compete in Indonesia will definitely be fried by the gang next door and make a lot of noise among his supporters. If you want to support or refuse it will still be fried.
No one is blundering about the U20 World Cup where Israel is one of the participants. from the start it should have been prepared because any country could be a participant as long as it passes. now Israel passes if in the end it is rejected all that remains is to say it to FIFA and wait for FIFA's response
Israel can appear at the U20 World Cup through a struggle not an invitation from PSSI or FIFA.
Ketum PBNU: Rejecting Israel in the U20 World Cup has no benefits for Palestine -
ketum pbnu: rejecting israel in the u20 world cup has no benefits for palestine
ketum pbnu: rejecting israel in the u20 world cup has no benefits for palestine
5 Israeli history stories founded by a journalist
"For whatever reason only FIFA can scratch/remove/ban/disqualify it if Israel wants to be removed from the U20 World Cup FIFA must cross it out the Indonesian side can't do it"
I think the Israeli u20 player's rejection was just because Indonesia was really afraid of losing... right? the risk could be really big... our players would be bullied like crazy by netijen... tomorrow they will lose to Israel... ehh... is that so or not? ? maybe..i dunno..
"For haters of the Israel U20 national team try following an idea like this. Instead of you protesting it's better to watch the Israeli national team playing while wearing Palestinian clothes. Send a message to the whole world. Do you want it or not."
If indeed many are against the Israeli national team coming to Indonesia then there is still time for PSSI to resign to host the U20 World Cup. the implementation of this tournament is not possible without the israel national team. they are participants who pass the qualifying results.
"It's great to refuse Israel to play at U20. Israel colonized Palestine and imposed an apartheid policy it had to be boycotted. What I'm confused about where are the voices that are said to be Muslim defenders? The seeds are being crushed by the mamarika?"
the closer to the presidential election the more porn hobbies appear. banning Israel from attending the U20 World Cup resulted in Indonesia being banned &amp; no competition . young children are invited to watch porn
not closed again bro! those who think about rejecting the israel u20s to compete in indonesia are suitable they live in the stone age haha ​​their brains are stupid and very primitive it's embarrassing e
Those who refuse Israel's U20 to compete in Indonesia are old-fashioned primitive stupid but they pretend to know that they live in the Stone Age e hehe that's really embarrassing !!! Think universally objectively and constructively - Indonesia is about to be prepared to host the World-Cup Oeoeoe Stupid
"Even though the chairman of the PBNU Gus Yahya has no problem with Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup"
"According to the admin what about the Israeli U20 national team playing in Indonesia? Usually even though they have affiliations the journalistic world is known to be fair and open and even independent the references are from the responses of the figures to the responses of the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia..."
"It's not a problem of Palestine vs Israel at the U20 world cup in Indonesia not even because of the constitution but the double standards used by FIFA. Russia failed to participate in the world cup because of the invasion of Ukraine. Israel???"
"i Wayan Koster and Ganjar carried out an autopilot policy against Israel at the U20 World Cup for the sake of image while next year's election try Anies the governors of West Sumatra and Aceh like this will definitely be fried to the ground with PDIP PSI Buzzerp Tebong Anti Islam"
"Israel is an occupier therefore colonialism must be abolished! The way is to boycott the Israeli national team competing at U20"
the president used to fight hard so that indonesia could host the u20 world cup. the president even met the fifa president to show Indonesia's readiness. PSSI officials were called to prepare themselves. officials who reject Israel seem not to appreciate the president's hard work.
"Israel which happens to be an occupier and just by chance also passes the U20 world cup. +62 position is in a dilemma keep fighting against Israel with all its statements and keep competing and we pray that you lose don't end up as a champion!"
"hahahaha you know there are Israeli rock climbing athletes who have come to Indonesia just now after Mr. Ganjar and the governor of Bali spoke out against the Israeli u20 world cup team right? Is the rock climbing world cup event as fun as the u20 world cup now?"
"It doesn't matter if the Israeli national team participates in the U20 World Cup ketum PBNU: if it comes will Palestine lose? === I thought I asked back: "" Gus Kyai is Gus still consistently & consistently committed to 'opening the UUD'45' ==="
"PKS doesn't have any power bro. Pak Ganjar owns it because Central Java is the host using U20 world but Ganjar refuses Israel to play in Central Java. Bali which is predominantly non-Muslim is the first to declare it. Moreover the other host regions"
"For any politicians and religious leaders who are still making noise about Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup it's better to just keep quiet that's already a different context in terms of diplomatic matters and football Israel is participating because they have the right and it has nothing to do with Israeli football and the Palestinian case"
uda know there is an israel team in u20. why do you want to host really weird. if you don't accept the israel team get ready to be disowned by fifa. next time host just jump sack
"Yesterday Indonesia should not have bid to host the U20 World Cup. And to host the Olympics next year if Israel passes Israel will definitely send its athletes to the Olympics. This will definitely be crowded again."
"I suggest! If Israel can't take part in U20 please don't allow Japan to compete in Indonesia either! Japan's attitude is more asshole than Israel's attitude towards Indonesia!!!"
weird news title... who is the reward for refusing Israel to play in the U20 world cup... the fifa committee is open... maybe it means refusing to compete in Indonesia...
president jokowi received a visit from the palestinian embassy ------ uh yes you need to know that palestine has no problem with israel taking part in the u20 world cup in indonesia
I who initially wanted sir to become president of the Republic of Indonesia then felt that he was not good at diplomacy and issued a statement. finally about the israel u20 youth national team.
Your comment is right bro because it mixes diplomatic affairs with sports. Gus Dur just wants a relationship with Israel. the Palestinian ambassador also did not refuse the arrival of the Israeli u20 national team. Gus Yahya Ketum PBNU doesn't mind either. where is your bull soul?
"Why are these officials so politically inclined to football meaning they don't understand football. Hello! Israel has long been declared qualified for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Why is the event wanting to start anew at the choir? This football is not a place to make faces for politics in Indonesia"
piye mas reward? Your comment is not right because it mixes diplomatic affairs with sports. Gus Dur just wants a relationship with Israel. the Palestinian ambassador also did not refuse the arrival of the Israeli u20 national team. Gus Yahya Ketum PBNU doesn't mind either. where is your bull soul?
if you are still intimidating the israel national team which has passed the u20 world cup
"It's enough to be a human being to be able to reject the Israeli U-20 National Team because in the 45th paragraph of the Constitution independence is the right of all nations and that is clear in Pancasila not because of religion or politics with party affixes"
"In the future Ukraine will also be rich Indonesia is colonized by Russia Israel which doesn't bother Indonesia is not allowed to come to Indonesia even though it came because it passed the U-20 World Cup if it's not the U-20 World Cup Israel will come to an intolerant country."
reject the arrival of israel in the football u20 world cup
"The polemic over plans for the arrival of the Israeli U-20 national team to Indonesia in the context of the U20 World Cup is still rolling. Israel insists that it must still attend because Israel can be banned if Israel refuses."
"The polemic over plans for the arrival of the Israeli U-20 national team to Indonesia in the framework of the U-20 World Cup is still rolling. PSSI insists Israel must still attend because FIFA can be banned if Israel refuses."
while the issue of religion continues. I'm so angry that FIFA wants to revoke Indonesia's permission to host the U20 World Cup if the Israeli team is still refused. there are still many other sports that excel and make Indonesia proud.
"israel national team u20 world cup and indonesian attitude"
Musni supports Israel in the U20 World Cup right?
I'm sorry I won't vote for you in the 2024 presidential election if it's true that you reject Israel. You should just refuse the U20 World Cup. You will destroy our football..
"It doesn't matter if the Israeli National Team participates in the U20 World Cup Ketum PBNU: is Palestine a loss?"
hahaha yesterday stupid buzer dogs like bungul were more jewish than jews and attacked muslims for forbidding israel from taking bgaim in pildu u20 sibungul's brain was worn out alias breech
"The u20 world cup is a matter for the central government. In the struggle there is no need to take part in inflaming hatred against Israel. Gus Dur's words are true how do we want to find a solution if we always perceive other people's enemies? We have to be invited to be friends so we can be advised. An example of Xijinping sumi Shiites can be peaceful."
Do you know that Kadrun's big intention in rejecting the Israeli U20 national team is to tarnish the image of President Jokowi's foreign policy and the prestige of this country in the eyes of the international community. Indonesia also cannot sleep alone and needs other countries. @
Indonesia will be blacklisted for world sports events if it rejects the Israel U20 team at the U20 World Cup.
"And because of that colonialism over the world must be abolished because it is not in accordance with humanity and justice." Rejecting Israel could be one of the efforts to remove colonialism from the world.
"I was also surprised by the governor about the U20 world cup he banned the national team from playing in Bali but the Israeli parliamentary delegation was not questioned in Bali."
"Wong Cilik? If Israel's U20 team cancels competing in this event because of ""mass pressure" can you imagine the consequences for Indonesian football? Indonesia will be penalized by FIFA. The leagues will die. Then how many people will be unemployed? don't you think?"
"It's strange... thinking that President Erdogan is great but friendly with Israel is not angry it's Israel's turn to play U20 in comparison to the Qatar World Cup with the one who doesn't masoook Mr. Eco"
the constitution and sovereignty of this country have not faded just because 24 people from Israel to Indonesia took part in the FIFA U20 World Cup tournament.
Ketum PBNU doesn't matter if the Israeli national team participates in the U20 World Cup: is Palestine a loss?
it means that the Indonesian people obey the constitution by banning entry to Israel Indonesia will make fun of the world by allowing Israel to join the U20 Israeli players as well as soldiers who killed Palestinians before Sukarno just cancel joining when they have to fight Israel
"I see that under pressure from the party I think they also say the same against the Israeli U20 national team. Does the 98 activist dare to say that he supports the Israeli U20 national team competing in Indonesia? The general's flicker disappears that's his political career."
"I want to tag sir for reasons of supporting Palestinian independence rejecting the U20 Israel National Team even though the Palestinian ambassador said to separate sport and politics. (Rejecting Israel is not electoral right sir?)"
"Just because Israel passed the FIFA U20 World Cup in Indonesia suddenly many people understand the constitution the most"
Deputy Governor of West Java participated in rejecting the Israel U20 national team
"Wow I always speak for Bekasi to be here for Mr. Ganjar how come he even joins in rejecting Israel U20 how come Mr. Ganjar is like this"
"I am a GP supporter. It is wiser not to issue any statements regarding the Israeli U20 World Cup. PSSI's gender is very clear Indonesian politics is the same there is no need for a football vs politics dichotomy"
here the context is sport aka the world cup... some people think that sport has nothing to do with politics even the Palestinian ambassador also said that regarding Israel's participation in the u20 world cup...
Israel/Jews have done a lot of service to break the arguments for the oneness of God used by Christian apologists when debating the creed with Muslims and making Muslims always win landslidely in these debates so I agree Israel/Jews will join the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
Indonesia is the host and FIFA is the organiser. I can't imagine if Indonesia rejects the Israeli U-20 national team at the PD-U20 it will have a bad impact on Indonesian football and will definitely be penalized by FIFA
"We and Palestine support the presence of the Israel and Palestine U20 National Team to compete in sports not to take care of other things please the cadets step aside and don't bother... fully support for the Israeli and Palestinian national team have a great game... !"
"Refusing the Israel U20 team to play in Indonesia Palestine does not necessarily become independent. Then mix it up or with politics where do you want us to go especially football? If FIFA imposes sanctions just disband PSSI even live broadcasts of the World Cup and the like will also be banned. want?"
"If Indonesia rejects the Israeli team just wait for it to be banded. Because it is considered a failure in organizing the U20."
refuse israel to come in nkri.
"If the thoughts and actions of reward are refusing the Israeli U20 National Team to compete in Indonesia then what is the difference between Anies who is supported by the banned HTI FPI etc."
"It's really funny nich FIFA you already know that Indonesia is anti-Israel even though it's a U20 World Cup match in Indonesia. You really want to show the world that Indonesia is just a toothless tiger... it doesn't have sovereignty especially when it's known that its officials are already corrupt traitors too. Kind of era voc"
"Not really Mr. Kyai... if Israel takes part in the U20 World Cup which is located in Indonesia then it's the same as considering Israel is a country even though they are colonialists."
reject the u20 national team! ~ syifa fanny covid israel canceled ~
"The statement by the chairman of the PBNU is extraordinary democratic and still nationalist. Politics and sports should not be mixed up. After all if you really reject the arrival of the Israeli U20s the effect will be extraordinary. Indonesia will be punished by FIFA why will Indonesia be destroyed in the international world..."
"Israel Participates in U20 World Cup Sumsel Follows State Decision"
"Later waiting for the transfer of issues (artists laundering money Israel U20 etc.) whether it works or not"
"PBNU general chairman Yahya Cholil Staquf is not concerned about the presence of the Israeli football team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. According to him if Israel comes and plays it is not necessarily detrimental to Palestine. He also criticized those who rejected Israel who usually only protested."
"Israel which has never passed the U20 World Cup before and Indonesia which has no diplomatic relations with that country will be in the same moment at the 2023 U20 World Cup which will be held in Indonesia."
really hope fifa makes israel the host of the senior national team world cup. then for the first time in history Indonesia escaped the world cup since independence from the Netherlands. Israel continues to demand that Indonesia be disqualified because of the U20 World Cup first. imagine the riot!
If we are consistent with the constitution we must fight against colonialism. One of our forms of resistance is not allowing Israel to enter the U20 world cup.
Nothing to lose for Palestine Gus Yahya disagrees with Israel being banned from competing in the U20 World Cup
ahead of the u20 world cup. our people feel more Palestinian than the Palestinians themselves. the feeling that no one protested when Israel qualified for the u20 world cup via u19 euros
"In May the U20 World Cup has started and until now the debate about Israel has not ended."
"israel national team u20 world cup and indonesian attitude"
"Everyone is 'talkative' about joining in rejecting the presence of the U20 Israel National Team. If you are really 'literate' about football it has long been against Indonesia to become the host as well as for upcoming international events for example the Olympics there must be demos from now on!!! !"
if you are good at protesting to fifa not israel... howling until the monitor lizard flips and israel is still a valid participant of the u20 fifa world cup... how come the host isn't welcome.. wemban hole
"Sir a total blunder regarding this one matter. It will become a soft fry for your political opponents. Whatever it's already a risk....Continue your rejection of the Israel U20 national team which is out of place."
"U20 world cup Indonesian football loses if it rejects Israel"
ketum pbnu doesn't matter if the israel national team plays in the u20 world cup
"israel national team u20 world cup and indonesian attitude"
"""If people like Rocky Gerung have spoken out it means Israel's rejection of FIFA U20 has been ridden by them they say are political fanatics. Fanny Syifa Joshua cancels Buya Hamka Israel this afternoon Covid-19 Fifa Kapolsek Malaysia Indonesia Naura Nestle"
which Indonesians object to Israel joining WC U20?
"This is not a matter of whether or not Palestine loses if the Israeli national team participates in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia this is a matter of the firmness of the Indonesian state's attitude towards colonialism.. read the UUD 45 boss again... if you don't understand ask sir.."
"Israel did not register for the WC U20 host. Israel has qualified for the WC U20 2023 so it has the right to appear in the World Cup. It didn't just appear it was just nonsense."
"Mas this time you made a big blunder because you refused to allow the Israeli football team to compete in the U20 World Cup. You are against FIFA & the Indonesian government. We are disappointed. Yesterday Mr. Budiman was also a blunder demanding 10% village funds from the state budget in front of the PDIP. blunder maning. finished"
but but….the Netherlands and Japan support the establishment of the state of Israel!…not yet the participating countries for the u20 world cup most of them also support Israel
Ketum PBNU doesn't matter if the Israeli national team participates in the U20 World Cup: is Palestine a loss?
"The polemic over plans for the arrival of the Israeli U-20 national team to Indonesia in the framework of the U-20 World Cup is still rolling. PSSI insists Israel must still attend because FIFA can be banned if Israel refuses."
boro2 played in the WC U20 Israeli people who were refused to play in Indonesia where they were even punished...
"He said if the Israeli U20 National Team arrives... will Palestine lose. Again the stupid statement... It's... it's clear that La wong is not a trade matter. The big problem is. Colonialism murder oppression of the Palestinian people... that's a big problem. It's against the preamble uud."
"Bali & Central Java have rejected the Israel U20 National Team to compete. All that remains is South Sumatra Jakarta West Java and East Java. If the province also refuses yes... Indonesia will be canceled from hosting the U20 World Cup. *** the wind."
"Being the host of the U20 World Cup instead of raising Indonesia's image is even at risk of being banned by FIFA again plus maybe we will also be boycotted by Israel's allied countries it's already disbanded there's no need to have professional football here"
"It is clear that Yahya Cholil Staquf's alignment with the Israeli Zionists (Jews) and is not authorized to allow the Israeli U20 team to enter the territory of the Republic of Indonesia!"
"How can you explain that accepting an Israeli children's team (U20) as a tournament participant is the same as not opposing colonialism? This is sport not politics. In the world of politics Indonesia always supports Palestine. Palestine doesn't mind Israel joining the tournament. When logic is covered in emotion"
If it's only Indonesia who refuses to be the host it's difficult. except that half of the participants rejected Israel's participation in this u20 world cup.
this time I'm sorry I don't agree with Mr. Ganjar who rejected Israel at the U20 event... racist
"Israeli invaders and massacres of Palestinians Indonesia must reject their U20 team because it is contrary to the mandate of the opening of the 1945 Constitution!"
"I appreciate the attitude of Prabowo and Anies who prefer to remain silent in dealing with the issue of rejecting the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team. Prabowo and Anies are smart in reading situations they both take a silent stance while seeing the situation that is happening"
The solution is that the dogs bark at the caravan and whatever it is we have hosted the U20 World Cup all participants including Israel yes we guarantee safety including Israel. That's a risk when we accept that the host cannot refuse participating countries that pass the U20 dun pill
"This momentum can be used by Indonesia to appear as a mediator for Palestinian & Israeli peace. The conflict between the two countries must end find a solution. It doesn't matter if the Israeli national team participates in the U20 World Cup the chairman of the PBNU: if they come will Palestine lose? -"
"Sorry Mr. Ganjar... be careful in issuing statements... the world cup participants came from 3 lanes... 1. defending champion 2. host 3. qualification the Israel U20 national team managed to qualify sir or just don't need to host a world event in all respects?"
"Why did FIFA respond to comments on small change Israel qualified because they were runners up for Euro U20 that means they deserve it there's nothing to argue about if for example there's still a long time I'm sure Indonesia has been replaced as host"
"need to broaden horizons. hopefully: 1. factions in Palestine strengthen unity 2. un us middle east oic/oki etc hopefully continue to strive for peace between palestine and israel. two sovereign countries peace sport is sportsmanship. u20 fifa world cup  2023 di ri good luck."
"Russia as far as I know was banned from before they were declared qualified. In what round of qualifying they were finally banned from participating in the world cup while Israel from qualifying had no obstacles from FIFA so they could qualify for the U20 World Cup Indonesia"
"The governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo also rejected the presence of the Israeli national team as a participant in the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
"Because the GP doesn't agree that the Israeli football team will participate in U20 in Indonesia Anis must oppose it so Israel must agree to participate... even though the mass organizations supporting Anis are busy carrying the Palestinian flag to reject the Israeli team..."
"hahahaha the title is too bombastic natuan crazy Israel it's very funny omg it's even more strange why is it connected with tsunami aid because Israel's U20 was rejected in Indonesia like being rejected by the governor of Bali. Want to try to bring it to religious issues OK?"
the same as the interesting statement made by the Palestinian ambassador who did not mind the Israeli U20 team distinguishing sports &amp; political...
"You can protest but now it doesn't fit at all. It should have passed when Israel passed the u20 a few months ago. Where is the protest not providing a solution"
"It would be fairer Israel and Palestine are banned from participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia..."
"The Palestinian ambassador doesn't mind if Israel participates in WC U20 but Indonesians object they are confused actually those who have problems with Israel are Palestine or Indonesia"
"Soekarno is great too... Soekarno also ordered to reject U20 sports participants from Israel. Soekarno was extraordinary......"
The general chairman of the Nahdlatul Ulama Board (PBNU) Yahya Cholil Staquf or Gus Yahya thinks that it is not a problem if the Israeli national team participates in the U20 World Cup which is being held in Indonesia.
"I am concerned about you Mr. FIFA not teaching intolerance but you are not who FIFA is instead you are interfering with FIFA's work program & directing intolerance. Israel's U20 football team not all of them are Jewish aka multi-ethnic."
"Calm down the governors of Bali and Central Java have rejected the FIFA U20 Israel National Team"
"Ma'am is it true that you object to the Israeli U20 football team playing in Indonesia in the world cup? A very premature statement. If it's not true please explain. Don't be a blunder to yourself and Indonesia."
is this true..?? the government is lobbying to cross out israel u20..??
I hope not to reject the Israeli U20 football team..... so that it will be dizzy.....
The PKI is very compact with the Jewish terrorists because they are both massacres of the Muslim community. Ketum PBNU doesn't matter if the Israeli national team participates in the U20 World Cup: is Palestine a loss?
"The risk of rejecting Israel who has qualified as a participant in the U20 World Cup Indonesia has been canceled as a host and has been banned by FIFA our players are only tarkam players is that what you want?"
"It doesn't matter if the Israeli National Team participates in the U20 World Cup Ketum PBNU: if it comes will Palestine lose?"
Ketum PBNU doesn't matter if the Israeli national team participates in the U20 World Cup: is Palestine a loss?
"The committee is indeed FIFA but Qatar when it becomes the host of the World Cup can firmly reject LGBT. Indonesia as the host for the U20 Pildu can also firmly reject Israel! If not okay cemen"
"The polemic over the presence of the Israeli national team at U20 this is what Ali Mochtar said!"
don't step on your feet... oh israel u20 national team.. on mother earth.. Indonesia.
Ketum PBNU doesn't matter if the Israeli national team participates in the U20 World Cup: is Palestine a loss?
"Wow Kadrun is an idiot if you don't understand football just stay still you idiot Israel qualified for the U20 Months World Cup because they were invited or invited but they passed through a long struggle in the qualifying round. If Russia is penalized while still in the qualifying round they have not qualified for the Qatar World Cup"
The Palestinian Ambassador met Jokowi amid the rejection of the Israeli U20 national team
"I'm sure the U20 World Cup will have or don't have the Israel National Team it will still be held in Indonesia. So just wait and see don't join any hooray team."
"Those who reject the U20 Israel National Team may not be human maybe they are all angels..."
"I'm surprised what does football have to do with political affairs? Does the Israeli U20 football team participate in oppressing a country? In fact sport should be a neutral ground. North Korea can only participate in the Olympics with America. It's no wonder Indonesian football doesn't progress so it continues to be a political area"
"If it's just like this it's already noisy when we run to host the U20 World Cup we have to give the conditions to FIFA that we can't accept Israel if they pass. From the start we already know that Israel is a FIFA member who has the same opportunity to win. get away."
FIFA can cancel Indonesia as host of the U20 World Cup because of the incessant rejection of the participation of the Israeli national team. maybe even get penalized.
"yaa alloh... ya robb... grant our request so that kadrun will soon become extinct from nkri and ensure that fpi & gnpf will go to hell. yaaa alloh yaa robb... please that the israel u20 national team can attend smoothly without hindrances and obstacles... takbiiirrr... !!!"
"U20 Israeli boys only competed in soccer. If you want to destroy Israel it's time for this football event to deploy reliable soccer troops. Conquer Israel in this sporting event mission. Don't just brag about it at Monas. But big zero achievement."
I want Israel to win the U20 world cup
FLP's statement regarding the rejection of the presence of the Israeli national team in Indonesia at the 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup
the Israeli football team acc plays in the u20 world cup in Indonesia. if you are already a friend you can discuss it don't colonize Palestine.
"Israel has passed the qualifying round if it's like this you don't have to worry about volunteering to host the U20 World Cup"
Proud of Governor Wayan Coster who firmly rejected U20 FIFA from Israel playing in Bali this is not about religion but about humanity‼ no need to clarify being a Muslim to understand Palestine politics +62 is free and active I hope Israel cancels to +62 be smart like the bird that tore the Israeli flag
meaning that Indonesia the largest Muslim country in the world will have an impact on other countries.
"What about the Israeli national team is the U20 World Cup going to be in Indonesia min et?"
this is the positive impact of pdip rejecting israel in the u20 world cup
It's strange that the protests forbade the Israeli team from coming to matches as big as U20. All are thought to be the same military or political brains of other countries. this is a clear violation of rights. don't let this honorable nkri be filled with imbeciles.
Israel refuses to take part in the U20 world cup
"In fact the U20 World Cup is a sport not politics and not about religion.
"The Palestinian-Israeli conflict is not an Islamic &amp; Jewish conflict. Because the Palestinian nation & state does not only consist of Muslims but also Christians &amp; Jews. The point is a humanitarian conflict. I have 2 options: 1. Reject Israel 2. World Cup u20 moved to another country"
"fully support for the israel and palestine national team have a great game … !we and palestine support the presence of the israel and palestine u20 national team to compete in sports not to take care of anything else please the kadrun step aside first and don't bother…"
"Try that Jayapura is one of the cities hosting the U20 World Cup... the Israeli team is playing there which prohibits getting arrows on the lips"
"I criticize both of them sir... sir both of them can't distinguish between politics & sports. If Israel really gets rejected then the U20 World Cup and Indonesia will be banned by FIFA MK &amp; Pak among those who must be held responsible."
sir is that your statement? This seems like a twist... from Bung Karno's talk of commitment to being connected with the rejection of the Israeli U20 National Team...
"We and Palestine support the presence of the Israel and Palestine U20 National Team to compete in sports not to take care of other things please the cadets step aside and don't bother... fully support for the Israeli and Palestinian national team have a great game... !"
"We and Palestine support the presence of the Israeli and Palestinian U20 national teams to compete in sports not to take care of anything else please step aside and don't make a fuss…"
actually this problem is simple it's only complicated.... if you reject the israel national team don't host the u20 world cup. the whole world knows that israel must be participating in that competition. what are you doing hosting the u20.......
"We and Palestine support the presence of the Israeli U20 national team to compete in sports not to take care of other things please step aside and don't make a fuss…"
"Waiting for the people of football how do you implement a double standard Russia is excluded from participating in the 2022 World Cup. Is Israel also excluded from the 2023 U20 World Cup? antiquated."
let's just boycott Austria and Serbia....because they lost to Israel they joined U20
yes Israel's moment at the U20 World Cup was also a golden moment for politicians.
"After all how come Israel U20 is so good at it that it can escape the toilet from the European zone even though the senior national team wants to qualify for the Euros it's difficult"
"You are the best candidate for president but we have a different attitude on this. I support Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup. I hope the Indonesian national team is successful in the group phase. Welcome to the Israeli national team. Come home with a message from Indonesian supporters OK?" very clean from colonialism."
we achieved that we submitted the June 2019 host and set aside several candidate countries. october 2019 was declared the u20 host. then in 2023 we will be noisy because it turns out that Israel has passed the qualification. If you want to boycott Serbia and Austria. because of them we become noisy among the children of the nation.
lost my respect ... I prefer the israel u20 team to play in indonesia as host of the u20 world cup rather than voting for reward p in the 2024 presidential election. sports don't need to be mixed up with politics. .
"I don't know what to do with football anymore if political issues and group interests are infiltrated... I hope you can find the best middle ground... WC U20 will still be held with the Israeli team being able to play too..."
"thank you sewu gus if the israel team comes what's the use for palestine gus? if both are of no use maybe it's better to take a middle way: (1) those who refuse don't have to refuse anymore (2) the israel u20 team doesn't need to come either "
"Hmmm a dilemma for the country and the federation isn't Israel competing at the U20 wc? If there are many people who refuse to attend and the appearance of the Israel U20 national team in Indonesia be prepared to be punished by FIFA we volunteer to be the host that means ready to welcome all the qualifying teams"
"only dogs" are afraid of being blacklisted if they reject Israel from the u20 world."
hopefully the u20 world cup will go on without it
Several political parties refused the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team on the grounds of occupation ?? If you're making excuses it's really cute how about the bill for confiscating corruptors' assets?
"no matter how great the prestige of hosting the u20 world cup it is not comparable to Indonesia's reputation as a humanitarian country that is damaged when justifying Israel's behavior"
Now it's Ganjar Pranowo's turn to refuse the Israel National Team to come to Indonesia to take part in the U20 World Cup
If Israel's U20 was rejected why did Israeli athletes play in the 2015 badminton world championships and the 2023 uci track bicycle race were not rejected? clarification from the head of the Indomie Police Puan Syifa Tari
when russia was banned from the world cup why wasn't israel banned from u20 piye jal kuwi
Interesting indeed the Palestinian ambassador's statement about the Israeli U20 national team coming here to separate sports &amp; political...
the israel u20 national team becomes a wild ball...
fifa : do you want to host the u20 world cup in 2023? Indonesia: Israel joining or not? fifa: follow. indonesian: no!!! that's how it should be!! you fools all!!!
"If Russia can be refused as a participant in the world cup for reasons of war. Israel should also be banned from participating in the world cup. Especially U20. For humanitarian reasons. Is it necessary? Children who don't know what their parents are doing must learn to hate."
previously supported the payout of 100 percent but with this statement it immediately dropped to 80 percent. The Palestinian ambassador has stated that there is no problem with the Israel U20 national team playing in Indonesia how come it is more Palestinian than Palestinian.
"What capacity does this person have in refusing Israel to compete in Indonesia. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs only allows it. Will Central Java be the host for U20? Just take care of the province as governor the province is still in shambles there are many poor & underdeveloped areas."
are you afraid of the electoral decline??? We are waiting for Anis and Ridwan Kamil's statements about the arrival of the Israeli U20 National Team?
"bravo israel national team..hopefully champion in u20 indonesia"
"Ksh Wayan Koster look at this photo you can't just go on a picnic to Israel but can't the U20 compete in Bali?"
"Afghanistan and Iraq can't they also take part in the FIFA tournament? This double standard is what we are fighting & the easiest way is against Israel because this small country is still abusing Palestine. We should also campaign to cancel the FIFA U20 Cup"
"as I thought Israel's passage to the U20 world cup will be a hot commodity for elections huehuehuehue"
"ganjar rejects israel at the u20 world cup indonesia ganjar asks the committee together with related parties to seek breakthrough steps so that the holding of the u-20 world cup continues without the presence of the israel national team in indonesia.""I hope that steps will be taken…"
I hope that Ganjar Pranowo will fail to become a presidential candidate by PDIP. amen. he is stupid &amp; ambitious so that he rides on the euphoria of Israel's rejection of the 2023 U20 World Cup. How is it different from Kadrun? what's the difference with anysss?
"In order not to make things complicated it would be better for the government to officially ask Israel to voluntarily withdraw from U20 at their own will and at their own expense like the Blue Tarpaulin case in Kulonprogo Yogya"
"It's not too bad not to allow Israeli U20s to play Indonesian football"
The point is Mrs. Fahira agrees whether or not Israel will join the U20 World Cup
Mr Israel's U20 team came to play football did not come to fight or cause chaos in Indonesia. Why are you so scared that you see a demon?
the minister of foreign affairs mas who is not responsible for the problems that occur.. when he proposed to host the u20 world cup and israel was the country that qualified as a participant the foreign minister as the one handling diplomacy should have known the problems that would result in domestic rejection of israel
It's even weirder that the Israeli national team refused. this is sport not politics wow what is the reason watch and read why Indonesia has to run the u20 world cup well noted!! Indonesia continues to consistently support Palestine
what should be the reward for not making a statement regarding the israel u20 national team which will compete in ind. because this will make people who previously supported reward become antipathy.
Is this the opinion of the presidential candidate in response to the polemic over Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup... how do you want to be president and face international pressure if you are pressured domestically it's already lethargic?
Israel is the occupier of Palestine! reject the israel u20 soccer team playing in indonesia!
"I support Pak Ganjar but I don't agree on this. Indonesia is the host for the U20 World Cup and Israel has qualified as a participant as hosts we cannot refuse. Keep politics away from sports"
when there is no host list why israel. Israel has never played in the FIFA World Cup U20. suddenly appears don't want to be bullied by FIFA
Israel's rejection in the U20 world cup for why humanity against Palestine?? what about the effect on those who depend on football? is that not humanity? Indonesia or Palestine??
"Russia was penalized when it was still in the qualifying rounds and had not qualified for Qatar so if Israel has qualified for the U20 world cup. so it cannot be compared to the case. There has never been a history of world cup participants being crossed out by FIFA because FIFA is not the host who has the authority"
"list of figures supporting and rejecting the israel national team at the u20 world cup Indonesia is threatened with sanctions? passing"
"The governor of Bali and the governor of Central Java have refused to allow the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup. It's understandable that in their area there are stadiums that are used. Then the regent refused to refuse too is there really an international stadium in Nganjuk?"
"those who reject the israel u20 national team in Indonesia m you and a f i k"
Humanitarian funds from Israel were received.. when Israel u20 wanted to come they were refused.. double standards masked by hypocrisy..
Regional leaders are again on the road to entering the 2024 political year by ostensibly rejecting Israel's U20 World Cup U20 which will be held in Indonesia.. hmmmm
I think the polemic about the figures/political parties who rejected the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup doesn't need to be blown up. After all the votes of the figures/political parties will have no effect on Israel they can still compete here. because it had been decided by FIFA Kemenpora & other stakeholders
the Palestinian ambassador said there was no problem with Israel's participation in U20 because he was sure that Indonesia would still support 100% free Palestine. As usual the more fierce Palestine the snub nose of the U20 World Cup is a good start to fix our football especially transfers…
"The regional head who refused to allow Israel to play in the wc u20 Wayan Koster and Ganjar Pranowo. The reason for the refusal is clear. Eh Bani Tablecloths are actually bringing up the issue of the caliphate it's the Islamic majority party it's the Muslim Ummah. Heh bro... if you can't give strong arguments it's better to shut up okay."
"I'll put it this way: the governor of Bali is smart ""meet FIFA and tell him that Israel can't take part in the U20 world championship in Indonesia...other participants can &amp; Indonesia will still be the host"" if FIFA doesn't allow it... let alone until issued...just replace the governor & take action"
"The football players only took part in the event as participants in the WC U20 for colonial relations with Palestine in my opinion it cannot be brought into the realm of football we may provide support in a way when the Israeli national team competes in a stadium with a Palestinian flag."
"Sir and the governor of Bali... think about this... why are you at odds with the central government?? What a loss if the Israeli national team is refused to play in the Indonesian U20 this is advice from various parties"
"Regarding the planned arrival of the Israeli football national team to Indonesia to take part in the U20 World Cup I choose to keep quiet afraid that someone will misunderstand."
"Why Mr. Ganjar joined in the comments. His business was the problem with the arrival of the Israeli U20 team. Why did you have to use the word refuse. What was the team's fault separating politics and football. Don't worry about this election again. You will also lose I think"
"If Israel starts playing at U20 Indonesia why don't you resign? That's cool."
this official supports palestine: rejects the presence of the israel national team in the u20 world cup: the governor of Central Java Ganjar Pranowo calls for success in preventing Israel against Indonesia in the u20 world cup..
bad impact for Indonesian football if the israel u20 national team is banned from playing in the 2023 indonesia u20 world cup. Indonesia is tantamount to denying FIFA rules
"Don't let the 2015 sanctions be repeated FIFA sanctions await if Indonesia violates FIFA rules by refusing the arrival of the U20 Israel national team at the U20 World Cup"
reject israel national team competing in u20 world cup?
reject the israel u20 national team in the indonesian u20 world cup!!!
"This is the reason Indonesia has to run the U20 World Cup well. We have to understand and distinguish between politics and sports when it comes to politics until whenever Indonesia will support Palestine's independence from Israel's clutches however this is football. It's clearly different.…"
"Yeah... it's just that I also hope and at the same time ask is Palestine free with the rejection of the Israeli U20 team ⁉"
There is UG media reporting that you refused Israel to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is that true or fake sir?
soon the will will join in rejecting the israel national team to compete in the u20 world cup in Indonesia ndonesia...
the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia alone doesn't matter if the Israeli national team comes to Indonesia for the U20 World Cup... how come the others are burning their beards... I'm confused
Recently the governor of Bali has been rowdy about rejecting the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup. But if you cooperate with Israeli businessmen that's okay isn't it?!??!! bad governor of bali!!!
the governor of bali refuses the presence of the israel national team playing in the u20 world cup in indonesia. Indonesia is bound by rules with FIFA that there is no discrimination don't mix political affairs with sports. what is that picture below??
"That's what we don't want. In fact sorry to deviate a little. At the time of the Prophet Muhammad he once forbade his people to pray in their own homes. Well Soekarno was like that at that time. His goal was clear to support Palestinian independence. Did you reject Israel's free Palestine?"
This is the reason for the reward for rejecting Israel to enter the U20 World Cup: Bung Karno's mandate for an independent Palestine via
wkwkwkwkw banning the Israeli u20 team from playing in Indonesia is the same as killing thousands of breadwinners in football because of course PSSI will be penalized by FIFA
"Indonesia's u20 world cup must go ahead even though there is rejection by cadruners regarding the israel national team."
"Israel is considered a colonizer for Palestine so it was opposed to coming to compete in the U20 World Cup but in Indonesia which is already independent there are still invaders like this pretending to be holy but the rot is far worse."
"quickly the figure who received the israel national team at the u20 world cup rocky is furious: he is a traitor to the constitution through"
gp doesn't need to just take care of football....many young millennials are football fans....who support U20 playing in Indonesia...if the gp protests israel can't be fifa can be banned ind football can't take part in international football... it's our loss... then the impact is unsympathetic to support gp
"How come football is being brought into politics the Palestinian ambassador doesn't have a problem with Israel playing in the U20 World Cup why is it that the one who burned his beard wants to seek the sympathy of the people but the PDIP is going the wrong way."
This is the reason for the reward for rejecting Israel to enter the U20 World Cup: Bung Karno's mandate for an independent Palestine
Indonesian politicians like US politicians and their allies. Israel and Russia. Russia has passed the World Cup and is a FIFA member and is banned from playing in the 2022 World Cup. Just relax... if Israel is still participating in the U20 World Cup why is it inversely proportional to Russia's attitude?
Pak Ganjar don't make policies that are just populist but don't make sense. Israel's presence in the You 20 World Cup is absolute. Indonesia just has to choose to be willing to host the U20 with Israel or step down as a host and be ready to be sanctioned
at that time when they rejected Israel in the context of sports or the U20 world cup or not? even though it was not for political or diplomatic arrivals... but sports that uphold fair play and away from politics... but the narrative was fried all the time so that Indonesia would be subject to sanctions their goal
"Come on FPI PA212 HTI NII JI is busy blocking the U20 Israel National Team at the airport don't let it slip away to be able to play football in Indonesia! Because Israel is the occupier of Palestine!"
"UUD 1945 & Pancasila reject colonialism. Israel colonizes Palestine. Anyone who does not reject the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team then they are traitors to the 1945 Constitution & Pancasila."
"The call for a boycott of the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup resonates enough even the political elite tries to get an engagement effect from this issue. Football is football there is authority in it & what will determine it is FIFA. This issue will be like an LGBT issue in "
O reward supporter. look at her behavior! What is his standing in holding the U20 World Cup so he dares to hope that the Israeli team which has already won a fair competition doesn't come because of the hope of a reward!!!
"Yes what else can we do if all provinces in Indonesia refuse the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team will the central government and PSSI insist on allowing them? Why not look for alternative solutions look for venues in neighboring countries for example those that have diplomatic relations with them? Aussie?"
"U20 world cup it's a loss for Indonesian football if Israel refuses to compete."
"It will be a loss if the Israeli national team is refused to play in Indonesia's U20 this is advice from various parties"
Ganjar Pranowo refused Israel to compete in the Indonesian U20 World Cup according to Bung Karno's message
Indonesian football will be frozen for 8 years by FIFA if it refuses to allow the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup.
The Indonesian team will get a domino effect if they reject the Israel National Team in the U20 World Cup.
FIFA sanctions await Indonesia if it refuses the arrival of the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 World Cup.
Don't underestimate the sanctions resulting from the refusal of the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 World Cup.
the rejection of the israel national team in the u20 world cup match in indonesia could have fatal consequences.
"Think again if we refuse the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 World Cup because FIFA sanctions are waiting."
As a result of the Israeli national team's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup they qualified but were banned from playing in the Asian Cup.
bad impact for Indonesian football if the israel national team is banned from playing in the u20 world cup.
"Just for information Indonesian football will be frozen for 8 years by FIFA if it refuses to allow the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup."
"Think about it carefully the Indonesian team will get a domino effect if they reject the Israeli national team in the U20 world cup."
I really want it to be like this FIFA sanctions await Indonesia if it refuses the arrival of the Israeli National Team to compete in the U20 World Cup.
"So like this don't underestimate the consequences of the Israeli national team's refusal to compete in the U20 World Cup."
see that the rejection of the israel national team in the u20 world cup match in Indonesia can be fatal.
"I hope you understand. Try to think again if we refuse the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 world cup because FIFA sanctions are ready to wait."
"So that's how it is the impact of the Israeli national team's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup has qualified but is banned from playing in the Asian Cup."
just info. bad impact for Indonesian football if the israel national team is banned from playing in the u20 world cup.
"The information is okay Indonesian football will be frozen for 8 years by FIFA if it refuses the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup."
"Just let me know the Indonesian team will get a domino effect if they reject the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup."
let everyone know. FIFA sanctions await Indonesia if it refuses the arrival of the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 World Cup.
it is really important not to underestimate the sanctions resulting from the refusal of the israel national team to compete in the u20 world cup.
Don't let the rejection of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup match in Indonesia be fatal.
"Remember think again if we refuse the Israeli National Team to compete in the U20 World Cup because FIFA sanctions are waiting."
got it. As a result of the Israeli national team's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup they qualified but were banned from playing in the Asian Cup.
That's a bad impact for Indonesian football if the Israeli national team is banned from playing in the U20 World Cup.
Let me understand that Indonesian football will be frozen for 8 years by FIFA if it refuses to allow the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup.
Just let me know that the Indonesian team will get a domino effect if they reject the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup.
Important information FIFA sanctions await Indonesia if it refuses the arrival of the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 World Cup.
it can be dangerous don't underestimate the consequences of the israel national team's refusal to compete in the u20 world cup.
wow... the rejection of the israel national team in the u20 world cup match in Indonesia could have fatal consequences.
"That's true. Think about it again if we refuse the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 World Cup because FIFA sanctions are ready to wait."
"Well you know the impact of the Israeli national team's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup has qualified but is banned from playing in the Asian Cup."
don't let it be bad for Indonesian football if the israel national team is banned from playing in the u20 world cup.
very dangerous. Indonesian football will be frozen for 8 years by FIFA if it refuses to allow the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup.
"It could be chaotic one day the Indonesian team will get a domino effect if they reject the Israeli national team in the U20 world cup."
I hope that in understanding FIFA sanctions await Indonesia if it refuses the arrival of the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 World Cup.
"And Israel has the right to appear in the U20. Israel passed through qualification not through political policy. Football should not be mixed up with warming up the political machine ahead of 2024. Wow the content is really useful"
that... don't underestimate the sanctions resulting from the refusal of the israel national team to compete in the u20 world cup.
could be bad. the rejection of the israel national team in the u20 world cup match in indonesia could have fatal consequences.
"Kuylah. Try to think again if we refuse the Israeli national team to compete in the U20 world cup. because FIFA sanctions are ready to wait."
this is the impact of the refusal of the israel national team to play in the u20 world cup to qualify but are banned from playing in the asian cup.
wow bad impact for Indonesian football if the israel national team is banned from playing in the u20 world cup.
"pretentiously anti-colonial by rejecting the arrival of the U20 Israel national team even though the colonialist nature is also in themselves hypofuck‼"
"The 2 governors Governor of Central Java and Gubbali have rejected the arrival of the Israeli National Team which will take part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia Plt Gubjkt how come you don't refuse???"
"If there is no Israeli national team I'm sure the U20 world cup in Indonesia will run smoothly safely under control 5 world cup participants refuse to play with Israel namely Indonesia Iran Turkey Argentina Egypt miss bro Erick"
It's only natural the palace is definitely still considering it because the organizers namely Fifa had an ultimatum like that when we rejected Israel's U20
Ganjar Pranowo refuses Israel to compete in the Indonesian U20 World Cup: according to Bung Karno's message
"For this one thing I don't agree with the Governor of Central Java... Sports is sport politics is politics. Should be running for the U20 World Cup host Indonesia requires 'if Israel doesn't qualify'... gt. if Israel escapes it means that the host will die."
"If asked to choose: 1. Reject the Israeli U20 team with the result that Indonesia can be sanctioned 3-4: years not involved in FIFA events or 2. Help respectable board members funny governors and FPI 212 who refuse to be expelled from Indonesia. I choose number 2. "
there is no government authority to ban israel from playing in the u20 world cup
Is it possible for Indonesia to be sanctioned by FIFA because of Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup? surabaya ( – the political aspect is not the only aspect discussed in the issue… via
I said instead of demonstrating fuel problems especially Israel at U20 it's better to have a demo in front of the Ministry of Finance and Customs so that it really gets sorted out
this is the positive impact of pdip rejecting israel in the u20 world cup. surabaya ( – joining the voice in the struggle to reject israel in the u20 world cup in Indonesia shows how sexy the issue is.… via
It's better to take care of the Central Java region in an area where there are still a lot of damaged roads sir than to take care of Israel at the Indonesia U20 World Cup.
U20 national team is illegal. israel.. his feet.. stepped on mother earth's earth. because... every Israeli zionism's atrocities against the Palestinian people.. ... leaves sadness... very deep.. for all mankind. .
uh how about yesterday who said Kadrun Dongo for rejecting the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia?
"israel pressured Palestinian football not to develop. surabaya ( – a few months ahead of the u20 world cup on 20 may – 11 june 2023 public… via"
Do Israeli players take part in the U20 World Cup and do they want to bring machetes and guns?
"Israel was refused to play in the U20 World Cup refusing: don't mix sports with politics"
"Mas you refuse the Israeli U20 team to fight? You get hit by me because it doesn't have to be your domain you should avoid it bro. Israel as a country is different from the rights of citizens of the world to exercise. FIFA Statutes (PSSI) are not attached to UN. Please be careful."
"yoi yoi..my opinion is that just accept israel u20 playing but there can't be spectators flags and the national anthem..similar to russia at the last olympics the branches that pass rusky can join in..yes but without songs and flags"
Manding just rejecting the U20 World Cup instead of rejecting Israel
noise about israel at the u20 world cup
"Don't change the topic pretend you're stupid! Right now what's being discussed is why Rusky was banned and Israel U20 wasn't banned? The topic and if you want to discuss it compare the senior teams from Russia to Israel just make your own thread don't ask me... who knows someone will answer."
"If the Palestinian ambassador doesn't reject the Israel U20 World Cup team. What's more the President of the Republic of Indonesia Joko Widodo as the head of state! Why is there something that exceeds the authority of the President of the Republic of Indonesia??? This is sport not a religious issue nor is it a political problem"
How come K israel senior deviates from Pildun? I'm discussing Rusky Senior at the World Cup and Israel U20 you know... are you running out of ingredients? wkwkwkwkwkwk..uh wrong..woof woof woof
it's time to fight the crowd that rejects the israel u20 team don't be afraid because there are many people who live in the world of football
artificial‼ it seems... the pdip party refused to allow the israel u20 national team to compete in indonesia... even though that was fifa's mandate. jok once coyo party... who can't separate sports from politics... jok give chance to rule again. Alutsista iki... not rejected at all...?
PDIP Surabaya rejects the arrival of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup
"the Palestinian ambassador did not reject the Israeli football team from participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia which rejected organizations/parties who were keen to sell Palestine for charity boxes"
"The governor of Bali refused Bali as the location for the Israeli U20 national team match because to anticipate that there are irresponsible parties who deliberately trigger riots against the match in Bali. It is very risky for Bali tourism. There are no other reasons that's enough ok... do you understand? ??
"It's better for the Dutch national team why did you choose the Indonesian national team? So you can play in the U20 world cup?? It won't be possible for people to move citizens and the federation slow beg for mercy plus Indonesia will also be blacklisted failing to become a host because of Israel's refusal"
"The nation's death is mandatory for me. This has nothing to do with the sovereignty of the Republic of Indonesia. This is a sport that has nothing to do with politics or Palestinian/Israeli affairs. Where is the sportsmanship? If Indonesia is still mixing religious affairs into sports Indonesia is not ready yet. lord rmh u20."
"If Indonesia refuses Israel to compete in U20 PSSI will definitely get sanctions from FIFA and our football will be banned again from FIFA just because of rotten people whose hatred cannot be dammed anymore rotten people from religion sellers and corpse verses"
"Remember Israel's U20 national team has passed the qualification set by FIFA so Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup must accommodate Israel's participation after all they come to compete don't carry other missions don't reckless like the Nasbung troops"
"What government can ban the Israeli U20 national team from coming to Indonesia. FIFA's rules are clear that "sports may not be intervened by political interests". Any country that passes the World Cup finals cannot be rejected for any political reasons."
hehe don't even try the government will allow the Israeli U20 team to compete in Indonesia. chaos is bound to happen
"world cup u20 reject israel and a series of possibilities. israel is experiencing a deja vu in the world of football. after years of being able to smoothly play in all tournaments because of blessings… via"
israel u20 is it ok to play at jis sir? you can
"That's how noisy the supporters of the PSSI boss candidates were campaigning for their respective champions but it's been quiet for several weeks about the presence of the Israeli national team at U20. There's no direction yet because there are no ideas & decisions yet? Or don't you understand the problem? or are you deliberately avoiding it?"
is the u20 world cup in indonesia still continuing? israel's rejection of the israel team getting more intense?
reject u20 israel in indonesia!!!
"Is it true that Israel colonized Palestine so is it appropriate for us to refuse the presence of the Israeli U20 National Team to compete in the World Cup when Indonesia is the host? It is very political when a party refuses to grant visas meaning that sports are polluted by some people's political views."
"2023 u20 world cup asprov pssi sulsel questions israel's rejection"
"If Arabs take the U20 world football place then Israel will definitely compete there right this time Indonesia will take the place"
"I am even more proud and happy to live in Bali. Governor Wayan Coster is firm about the U20 Israeli team not being allowed to play in Bali. It is not necessary to be a Muslim to understand Palestine people are in the realm of humanity our part of politics is free and active. Let's lose smart at heart with birds This"
I hope the rejection of the Israel U20 national team will not have an impact on Papua
the domino effect of the rejection of the israel national team in the u20 world cup could have been very detrimental. many parties chose to remain silent rather than having to deal with ultras madrid
We recommend that every Israeli U20 match at the FIFA U20 World Cup in Indonesia we boycott in a polite way namely attending &amp; fill the stadium with waving the Palestinian flag..
"The most important thing is that we pray that the PSSI U20 national team can beat the Israeli U20 team... just playing football why is it a bother..."
"Hoax media... just type on Google the governor of Bali rejects the U20 Israel National Team... want seconds CNN tempo etc. all have news"
it would be nice if israel u20 played in jis without spectators. it fits. if there are spectators it can be dangerous if you sit near the guardrail.
"Then why did he join tc yesterday and collect files etc. to take care of Indonesia in the middle of the club's busy schedule anyway he's also a homeground player at Wolves doesn't affect fifa rank like elkan wc u20 just be safe fifa israel can be taken care of"
israel remains a presence in the u20 world cup. must attend and be a guest.
"I respect Pak Nasir Djamil's narrative the faction seems intellectually speaking about the constitution regarding the U20 Israel National Team. Have PKS or Nasir Djamil voiced that colonization is taking place in this country due to the dissolution burning and prohibition of worship of other religions?"
"Just be realistic for Justin whose talent is really good it's only natural that he and his family will think 1000 times to change citizens to become citizens just to play in the U20 world cup which even now doesn't necessarily go smoothly with the issue of Israel's rejection"
"Example Bung Karno PDIP Surabaya refuses Israel to play in the Indonesian U20 World Cup"
I will never support the savage Israeli team..... there are various ways to support other teams besides Israel... really there is only the U20 World Cup in this world??? What we are waiting for now is the Euro Cup Germany
"Indonesia's land is not only in Java right? It is prone to identity politics it is possible to start international sports achievements in intimate areas at least every time the Israeli team plays at the U20_2023 event. In intimate areas there are many fans of Israeli European Latino and so on."
"As for the fafi and the governments of non-aligned countries regarding the u20 universe cup that Israel has entered most of the non-aligned countries refuse to accept Israel. majority"
u20 world cup: opportunities for the Indonesian national team against Israel are wide open in the group phase
u20 world cup: opportunities for the Indonesian national team against Israel are wide open in the group phase
"Example Bung Karno PDIP Surabaya refuses Israel to play in the Indonesian U20 World Cup"
pretend to reject the israel u20 national team. all the inventions of technology and products of the israeli nation are used. where's your shame bro
"The organizers are FIFA we only get to be the host. How much will we get at the U20 World Cup later. Why don't they ban our people from visiting Israel?"
sorry I'm not defending this tourist. maybe this tourist said that he was a crew for the Israeli U20 national team who left first for a field survey
"Ahead of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia the Surabaya female doll refused to allow the Israeli team to compete -"
No wonder there are so many people refusing the Israeli national team to play Pildun-U20 people just like this wkwkwk
"We and Palestine support the presence of the Israeli U20 national team to compete in sports not to take care of other matters please step aside and don't make a fuss"
Israel's U20 continues to land in Indonesia
"An example of Bung Karno the Surabaya Bulls rejected Israel at the U20 World Cup. The PDI struggle for the city of Surabaya has stated that it strongly rejects the Israeli team's arrival to compete in Indonesia at the World Cup event… via"
"the governor of Bali's refusal to the israel soccer team (u20) which will compete in Bali for me stupid and idiotic behavior. cc:"
"they have to come to Indonesia ""want to play football at the u20 world championship""...don't want to take part in a political campaign. don't be stupid I think the Israeli team who wants to come is also worried considering the massacre of Israeli Olympic athletes in Germany who were killed by terrorists but the rules fifa requires."
"We are not stupid and short-sighted Israel can enter the U20 by fighting to qualify they don't beg FIFA or the allied countries. They escape in a sporting manner! We may hate and be angry with the Zionists but sports is a matter of sportsmanship"
"Israel's escape from U20 it seems that the opposition is also taking advantage of it to attack the government especially when the election is approaching."
"Why are the demonstrations taking care of Israel at U20? Demonstrations in front of customs DGT Ministry of Finance asking to complete the case improve the service oh yeah forgot the one who demonstrated yesterday never paid taxes and can't afford to shop abroad right?"
"Rejecting the Israeli national team is the same as withdrawing from hosting the U20 World Cup plus FIFA sanctions a dilemma isn't it?"
PDI struggles East Java to reject Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup in the East Java region
"Maybe the ambassador feels that refusing Israel to compete will harm the Indonesian national team to enter the U20 World Cup final. Because Indonesia can refuse then FIFA will be sanctioned and the world cup will be hosted by another country. Now we are waiting for the president and PSSI's decision."
this is unfortunate....don't let it happen again in this u20 world cup.....because our country's constitution is very clear and firmly mandates that Indonesia..must be anti-colonial. for that colonial countries such as the state of Israel. haha rejected...
"What's wrong with football? You sell religion even though football has no religion. You reject the Israeli national team which wants to enliven Indonesia by hosting the U20 World Cup... while some of you accept the US ambassador who likes to play in Indonesian politics. Small thoughts. "
Wkwkw Palestine which was defended sans by Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup is an Indonesian hadehhh it's too bad the reason is solidarity with Palestine.
the demonstration at the fifa office was also the one that decided israel took part in this u20 fifa drun
"Young people the governor of Bali does not want the Israel U20 national team to compete in his territory because of the mandate of the 1945 Constitution. Governor of Bali Wayan Koster conveyed this refusal to the Menpora through an official letter. See the continuation at "
u20 world cup and israel national team draw scenario page all – – –
"It's enough to be human to reject Israel's u20 and understand the uud45 because independence is the right of all nations it's not a matter of religion race or politics why is it a party"
enough to be human to know where the logic is why why did u20 israel reject
the presence of the israel u20 national team in the u20 world cup is purely in the realm of sports or football. unrelated to any political agenda.
you shouldn't have to worry about it if the israel u20 national team come to indonesia.
"Russia is still qualifying hasn't passed yet... Israel U20 has already passed the qualifications and has the right to appear in the U20 World Cup. That's the story! So if you want to refuse right when you're still qualifying... I think Israel U20 won't qualify this time (before it's always been the moon) .. eeh when Indonesia the host even escaped"
right. prove it by securing the Israeli team which is the official participant of the Indonesian U20 World Cup this time.
russky urraa urraa tacky hasn't passed world cup qatar block! israel u20 has already passed so has the right to play block! If you want to protest Israel hasn't passed yet aka it's still a block qualification!
"rusky uraaa uraaaa tacky crossed out while still qualifying..hasn't passed the world cup qatar..israel u20 passed the u20 world cup yes you have to accept it as the host..it's easier for fifa to move the host (who is considered not ready) than rejecting one of 1 teams that have already qualified (remember the 86 mexico world cup)"
"Is refusing Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is the attitude of the intelligent group?"
"Why are you stupid in Piara if we reject the Israeli U20 national team we are sanctioned by FIFA football we are also the losers of the stupid Kadrun"
"crossed out while still qualifying bang..rusky uraaa hasn't passed the qatar world cup. this israel u20 has already passed the u20 world cup Indonesia..if you want to ask fifa cross it out right when you're still qualifying..say if israel passes it will not be accepted in Indonesia (mind it doesn't pass eh can it pass)"
since when did russia get kicked out of qatar world cup??? russia hasn't passed qatar world cup..they are still in the qualifiers! Israel U20 has already passed the U20 World Cup... if you are a Kadrun 212 person who wants to reject Israel U20 you should reject them before they qualify! it's okay to be stupid but don't be stupid... it's a little different
This Israeli problem must be seriously discussed so that it is clear before the U20 World Cup begins
"U20 World Cup Indonesia's football loss if Israel rejects 2023 m poso teraweh sahur ministry of religion"
"I know the Israeli national team u20 is the colonizer. I don't think about that before. What is the relationship between football and the colonizer. But that's the way Pekaes plays. Religion crotch and humanity."
"Yeah just ask FIFA that's what sucked FIFA it's the same thing if Israel doesn't want to play in the U20 World Cup then FIFA has to hit it too if it's the Indonesian side it can't be done you have to make a commitment at the start thank whoever the team that qualified"
"Today is full news for the Minister of BUMN who is fully working thank you for the best performance from the Minister of BUMN who is also the chairman of the PSSI whom I love how can U20 Israel reject it because PDIP also refuses not to mention the governor of Bali also refuses to want a war between what is this? ???
"The central government is ready to hold the U20 word cup party without exception uh the governor of Bali has refused to allow the Israeli national team to compete in his area. What's the difference between 212 and 212?"
"How come I really want the U20 Israeli national team to be banned from entering here. Then our FIFA rules football. 5-10 years is enough. Then we have time to popularize other sports starting from volleyball basketball rowing athletics boxing martial arts archery  weightlifting and so on"
"Wow you're being naughty... please update I really don't know if the founder of Israel even asked Mr. Joko to refuse the Israel U20 National Team to compete in Indonesia !!!"
balked at Israel's national team coming to the Indonesian U20 world cup. fuckingshit israel {israhell}
didn't you discuss the boycott of the israel national team from the u20 world cup?
who pretended to be against because the governor of Bali refused to allow the Israeli team to compete in the U20 World Cup in Bali. mamam this news. what is certain is that we don't have diplomatic relations or recognize Israel for anything. as simple as that.
"I really agree with this statement but Indonesia's own face will be tarnished if something happens to the Israel U20 National Team even if it's the slightest the problem is whether the organizers are ready to protect the safety of all participants without exception?"
ono surono: west java rejects the arrival of the israel soccer national team
Indonesia don't dream of hosting the 2036 World Cup if it fails to host the U20 World Cup because it expels the Israeli team.
I suspect that FIFA did not sanction the Kanjuruhan tragedy because there was a deal to be exchanged with Israel to be accepted to play for U20 ?? it's extraordinary that the government chose football over maintaining dignity &amp; state constitution....
"gal let's watch the U20 world cup in Indonesia plans for the israel national team to compete you know..."
"Israel is indeed barbaric and inhuman but the Indonesian government cannot prohibit the Israeli national team from competing in the U20 World Cup. Israel is a team that has qualified for the U20 finals and automatically cannot be replaced by another country if Indonesia bans it it can be banned by FIFA. ."
what did anies baswedan say about the israel national team at the u20 world cup?
"Yeah you idiot the target is Israel to be banned gt... big mistake!! FIFA is easier to thwart Indonesia as the organizer than banning Israel from participating in the U20 World Cup..."
"Based on Bung Karno's principles Hamka haq commented on Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup"
when it comes to Israeli politics how come it's not like football... escorting the u20 world cup
"So here it is guys in Israeli politics they are still welcome why aren't football rejected? Watch over the U20 World Cup"
"With the polemic against Israel's presence at the FIFA World Cup U20 in the future it is certain that Indonesia will find it difficult to host the 2036 World Cup and the Olympics at any time with other major events this is the consequence of that refusal"
So in 2022 there will be an international parliamentary meeting in Bali there will be Israeli representatives you just stay quiet... even though it's a political issue... btw when FIFA appointed to host the U20 World Cup Indonesia already knew Israel would qualify???
"If this isn't called fate what else can you do just imagine that Israel has never had a record of qualifying for the U20 World Cup uh when Indonesia became the host it even passed"
"If Indonesia gets banned by FIFA for rejecting the U20 Israel National Team many people depend on football for their lives. Bali is fasting for closing."
"Wow that's good if Israel is refused to play in the U20 World Cup Indonesia will be banned by FIFA so just target players"
"Mas Solo will be one of the hosts for WC U20 tomorrow. From the news there is widespread rejection of the Israeli national team even the governor of Bali said he refused too. Will you accept all WC U20 participants whoever that is? Thank you thank you"
"clowns are not consistent if you really want to refuse then you refuse but this is looking for attention you don't refuse Israel to come when you cheat but suddenly you refuse the national team arrives at the time of the World Cup stop politicizing football sports don't want to be politicized by members of the parliament from PKS it's like this man." u20 world cup
"It's hilarious isn't it? The Israeli national team came because they passed the U20 World Cup and FIFA also agreed because of the sports competition tbtb the members of the DPR refused the arrival of the Israeli national team but the funny thing is the members of the DPR did not refuse Israel's arrival before when they cheated on Bali."
"Fadli Zonk does not deny that it is true that Israel has come to Bali in a political context and that Israel's deception agenda cannot be rejected. Why don't you refuse? Israel's national team's turn to come because sports are suddenly rejected? Escort the U20 World Cup"
We'll see if we can face the Kadrun people who refuse to allow Israel to join the world cup man
"Failed to understand the logic of the members of the DPR suddenly rejecting the arrival of the Israeli national team which is in the realm of FIFA because sports competition brings political issues but Israel's turn really comes in cheating not in sports just accept this member of the DPR ok we're going to guard the u20 world cup"
"It's hard if you obey the wishes of the 212 ruffian gang kadrun who refuse Israel to compete in FIFA U20. Banned waiting for Indonesia even though many depend on football for their lives. Kadrun's direction in the end is a change of power"
"At this time members of de pe er are looking for food? When Israel came to Ipu Bali it was accepted that it was political the Israeli national team's sudden turn was only sports but was rejected even though there was no political matter so the sales of the DPR will continue to guard the U20 World Cup"
"At the time of the deception there was not a single member of the DPR who refused the arrival of the Israeli national team to Indonesia so why is there such an uproar now in the DPR haha ​​what's going on? Guarding the U20 World Cup"
It's getting excited again the Israel U20 team is competing in the World Pila which was held in Indonesia
the israeli government is looking for ways so that the team and fans are not rejected when playing at the u20 world cup 2023 indonesia
"regarding the rejection of the israel national team in the u20 world cup say no: don't mix sport with politics"
"seriously asking if this is how it is... only politics accepts Israel why can't football? control the u20 world cup"
"Actually you don't need to be rejected because sports teams are usually far from politics... but I'm also a bit surprised throughout the U20 World Cup Israel has never made it to the final qualifications wherever the host is but how come when the host is Indonesian they qualify. ..maybe their football is starting to improve huh hopefully?"
who only accept Israel politically. why can't football... control the u20 world cup
"only the political ones accept Israel don't you think about football... guard the u20 world cup"
"Only Israel is welcomed by politics why aren't football rejected? Escort the U20 World Cup"
"It's better if Israel is ordered to fight in another country for example in Singapore or Timor Leste if they don't agree then just order them out of U20 because Israel has no diplomatic relations with Indonesia"
"Previously Israel came because it was deceptive and it had to be accepted by the members of the DPR from this MCC. It's Israel's national team's turn to come because it's time to play football chatter right away? What did you do yesterday Mardani Ali when you kept guard over the U20 World Cup"
"Sports are just sports moreover football is predicted to be the host of the U20 World Cup. Don't link sports to politics when it's politics's turn the members of the House of Representatives accept Israel come. How's that?"
"This person Mardani Ali Sera does not understand FIFA regulations and cannot be denied by Indonesia because we are entrusted with facilitation. Triaks and tribulations against the Israeli U20 national team in the context of sports but when Israel arrived in a political context these people actually accepted it it's funny it's funny to escort the U20 world cup"
"Usually don't get tired of not eating. Stop politicizing football Palestine has said it doesn't matter about the presence of the Israeli national team at the Indonesian U20 World Cup but this is really looking for attention to force political issues into football because there are those who need to eat from capers so we are escorting the U20 world cup"
"For those of you who reject the arrival of the Israeli U20 team in the FIFA U20 final please read this carefully. Don't just think about your political passions so that your eyes can open Drunn."
The government and people of Palestine really support Indonesia to host the U20 FIFA Finals and have absolutely no problem with the arrival of Team YOU 20 Israel. Palestine really understands Indonesia's position which is always on the side of Palestine.
the reason for rejecting the israel u20 team in bali is because of occupation? Is that true? isn't palestine free? seriously asking...
the leaders and ambassadors of Palestine okay the israel u20 national team is playing in the fifa world cup in Indonesia..eh..some Indonesians are against it...don't understand me.
how are you gang? Indonesia as the host of the You 20 World Cup must comply with the regulations applied by FIFA because if not Indonesia may be subject to sanctions. Israel has passed the qualification for the U20 World Cup and has the right to come to Indonesia because of a sports competition
"Valid info! Palestine doesn't have a problem with the presence of the Israeli national team at the Indonesian U20 World Cup because FIFA rules apply to sports it can't be linked to politics don't want to be provoked by politics that is included in football football shouldn't have politics!"
"Save our soccer hopes that football lovers are wise the presence of the Israel U20 national team is purely because of sports competition and according to FIFA regulations. Moreover Palestine doesn't mind at all it's safe!"
Israel's arrival in Indonesia as a team participating in the 2023 U20 World Cup has drawn a lot of controversy.
"Palestine's message is that it doesn't matter about the arrival of the You 20 Israel National Team at the Indonesia U20 World Cup. If anyone wants to be linked to politics they are mistaken and PSSI ensures that FIFA's trust in Indonesia is good"
"LPT PBNU chairman Ainun Naim said there would be no problem if the Israeli U20 national team came to Indonesia because they passed the qualification organized by FIFA and Palestine doesn't have a problem either"
"The government has signed an agreement capable of organizing the U20 World Cup. It must be implemented properly and there must be no political matters regarding Israel just focus on football which unites"
"LPT PBNU chairman Ainun Naim is of the view that the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup is a sporting activity both the arrival of the Palestinian and Israeli national teams must be ensured safe"
Indonesia as the host of the You 20 World Cup must comply with the regulations applied by FIFA because if not Indonesia may be subject to sanctions. Israel has passed the qualification for the U20 World Cup and has the right to come to Indonesia because of a sports competition
Indonesia is warned not to be discriminatory against the Israeli National Team at the U20 World Cup: Are you ready for FIFA consequences?
speaking until your veins break I can't believe the israel national team is still playing u20 according to football observer mas sanjoyo and foreign relations observer hikmawanto
u20 world cup and israel national team draw scenario
if the Indonesian government allows players to come to participate then my advice is not for Indonesians to watch at the stadium. that's one of the ways we love our brothers if Palestine joins u20. let's have fun!!
"The real target is not the U20 Israel National Team but to embarrass the Jokowi government. So just continue. Just ignore it. To hell with Kadrun Hell."
Don't expect you to be a member country of the Indonesian Vote Olympics to be the host if the fuss over Israel is behind you (shouldn't have hosted WC U20 from the start). Don't. even after the archipelago became. it is said that the Olympics will be there.
no business. israel still playing in the u20 world cup. you rule the world k. seee israel has only god allah. there just relax. you're busy
"There are people's behavior rejecting the U20 Israel National Team"
u20 world cup controversy: muhammadiyah rejects the presence of the israel national team
"The logic is that your brain drops to your knees. understand all!!! bong!!"
"The nation's fence fell .... If in the past Bung Karno rejected the Israeli National Team the reason was clear because of occupation ... in accordance with the opening of the 1945 Constitution ... but now rejecting the Israeli U20 National Team is a different situation ... Palestine is already independent ..."
"This is why the country participating in the U20 World Cup which took place in Indonesia. Thief Mika Ramadhan Nissa Israel Klepon Hindu Sahur Silent Bali Holiday"
governor Wayan Koster rejected the Israel U20 national team competing on the island of Bali
What if Turkey/Cuba/Nicaragua played in the U20 World Cup (replacing Israel) what would it be like then?
"Should have known Israel had qualified for the U20 World Cup Indonesia had immediately resigned to be the host of the house... now you can also resign...rather than being a polemic...the problem is if Israel still refuses to go to Indonesia FIFA will cancel Ina to be the host+ any possible sanctions
"Where is the Israeli national team rejected?" I agree but if the regulations are like that then Indonesia doesn't want to have to allow the Israeli national team to have a stadium. Stadium."
"Dare to reject Israel at the U20 World Cup Indonesia must be ready for this sanction"
I hope Israel wins the U20 world cup in Indonesia
"No wonder Israel is not afraid Indonesia is threatened with being frozen by FIFA if it insists on refusing at the U20 World Cup"
the rejection of the israel national team competing in the u20 world cup event in the homeland strengthened. the governor of bali sent a letter to the menpora containing the refusal of the national team to go to Indonesia. paa
"Bali suffers from intolerance radicalism extremism and Muslim terrorists. It is not the Israel U20 national team that has qualified as a participating country for the FIFA U20 football world championship. The governor of Bali's decision to refuse the Israel U20 national team to compete there is stupid and does not reflect culture."
"udh not discussing the u20 world cup again zer  ??? how come israel is quiet anyway "
Let's reject Israel to play the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
then the grandson of Israel's founder who rejected Israel played in the U20 World Cup wow
PSSI complies with the Governor of Bali's rejection of the Israel U20 National Team
"Only Pildunu20 will not change the nation's position. Besides if we ban Israel it's the same as resigning. The effect is: paying fines banned by FIFA banned by the Qatar Asian Cup Afc Cup LCA Cup and the hopes of Marcelino and U20 friends are dashed"
"It turns out that the words of the President of Turkey are true Reccep Tayyip Erdogan doesn't need to be a Muslim to defend Palestine. You just have to be human!" israel | world cup u20 | governor of bali"
"Since Russia was banned from participating in the World Cup yesterday on the grounds of attacking Ukraine it is now mandatory to support Israel's ban on WC U20. To be fair."
"separate sports & politics. instead of talking about rejecting the israel u20 football national team it's better for you to join the war for palestine. it's good to just talk while sitting on a soft chair &amp; ac room"
"Governor Wayan Koster sent a letter to Menpora refusing Israel to play in Bali at the U20 World Cup"
basically stop the u20 nas team. Israel. point..no debate!!!
How come you can have the Israel U20 rejection status is it the same as PKS???? Or are you afraid of PKS that will be heard by Muslims throughout Indonesia???? It's really cowardly that big parties don't commit I'm afraid there won't be voters so I'll follow along like PKS a curt party
There are also dogs in PDIP who refuse to use Israel yes religion has started to break down in this country
The colonial arrogance must have affected everything including football. So FIFA's attitude must clearly give a warning by not inviting Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup.
"You are young but accept that the Israeli National Team plays in the U20 Pildin how about that?"
morning morning morning pks rejects israel u20 national team‼ ogoh-ogoh nyepi hindu bali holiday ardhito sahur closing fortuner asks klepon syabda niki angga wednesday sleeps at dawn ramadhan buset fifa house enchanted link shopee nissa
"PDIP must strongly rebuke this governor who does not reflect the culture of the area he leads which is open to other ethnicities/nations. Bali is suffering from intolerant radical extremist and Muslim terrorists it is not the Israeli football national team that competes because it passes the u20 qualification"
if I support the arrival of Israel U20 to Indonesia
"governor of bali refuses israel to take part in world cup u20 acting minister of youth: still in coma not yet full stop"
different story... Russia banned FIFA. not qatar as the host..... at that time Russia was still qualifying. If this is Israel's position it has entered the U20 finals
"Solo Jakarta Bandung Surabaya Palembang and Bali became the venue for the U20 World Cup where the Israeli national team also played. I was stunned because Bali (which is Hindu) started rejecting Israel. Respect for Bali"
Indonesian Muslims reject the arrival of the Israeli U20 football team in Indonesia... please compete in Singapore / Australia
u20 world cup 2023: akmal asks all parties to be wise in responding to the presence of the israel national team
"accept the israel u20 national team? means that the government is ready to become a political punching bag to give itself up to increase the strength of the opposition. if you take a helicopter around indonesia there are tens of thousands of domed mosques like al aqsa. count roughly how many active and passive participants there are"
"The Governor of Bali Pak Koster is great for refusing the U20 Israeli football team to play in Bali because Israel is the occupier of Palestine!"
do you think all of papua is a forest then why did you come with a young hostage of the u20 israel national team? your thinking is very shallow. the first u20 world cup event in Indonesia will definitely be carried out with very tight security. to maintain why the country is good in the eyes of the world
Do you think Papua is all forest? then kb came to kidnap or shoot the israel u20 national team! Your way of thinking is very shallow
"Those who accept Israel to join the U20 world championship are terrorists on the basis of the law of the Republic of Indonesia opening uud45. Why can America influence European countries to boycott Russia in FIFA-class events and the world economy western countries. So what's the difference with Indonesia which doesn't allow it?"
"Thinking about it in the evening many have asked FIFA to ban Israel ban Israel from entering Indonesian soil. I haven't seen anyone asking Indonesia to let go of the U20 World Cup host status. I haven't played far enough."
respect !! One thought bro... we already know Israel entered the U20 World Cup playoffs from last year... why haven't we moved from the start if we don't want to accept it?
"Agreed I support PDIP's rejection of the Israeli national team in the You 20 Cup. It's not fair for other countries' U20 teams why is Israel sending the national team against the U20 boys. The national team is against the national team please..."
"claiming to be Muslim but guaranteeing that Israel's Zionists are safe in the Republic of Indonesia ' while the non-Muslim governor of Bali opposes the arrival of the U20 Israel team what's wrong with the new chairman..."
Palestine itself as a country doesn't mind the U20 Israeli football team acting in Indonesia...eh a few of our people seem to be the most heroic and know the most about Palestine..this is sport dude not politics or religion...I'm a Muslim myself dude.
"At least FIFA really has the right to ban a country because it is the sports body that oversees this sport. If we are lucky that the house of Gamau Israel is in the U20 World Cup then we are advocating for FIFA so that FIFA will ban Israel not bar2 taking the law into their own hands."
Ustadz Hakimuddin Salim firmly rejected the Israel U20 National Team coming to Indonesia
"This is a sport not politics to be precise. Indonesia is the host. It turns out that Israel is a participant who passed the FIFA U20. If you don't want to it's better not to be the host. Olympics and other sports should also not want to be home who knows Israel will join. "
Ustadz Abu Bakar Ba'asyir reminded the Jokowi government to reject the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team in Indonesia
the action of the Raya Solo Alliance (Ansor) against the Israel U20 National Team at the 2023 World Cup
"Wow Koster what's wrong with the Israeli U20 team?"
"U20 world cup Indonesian football loses if it rejects Israel"
fifa banned Russia... not Qatar which banned.... different context... this is Israel's position in the U20 World Cup finals. while at that time Russia was just qualifying. i also hate israel russia america about war.... but this is football....
"Why are they only protesting now??! Remember Israel is struggling to get through the qualifying route for the European zone. Instead of being given a red carpet by UEFA &amp; FIFA to play in the U20 world cup. The qualification itself has been going on for a long time since last year."
I hope the Israeli team can win the u20 world championship.. amen.. amen.. amen.. amen..
Do you agree that Israel is refused to play in the U20 World Cup?
but Israel is definitely not going to be in a group that has Indonesia or Iraq. so basically these people reject Israel because of solidarity with Palestine. even though the palestine ambassador has also given a statement about israel playing in the u20 world cup.
"You have to refuse from the start of the candidacy to host the U20 World Cup because there is a possibility that there will be Israeli participation... how should you try this the worst possibility is that if we reject Israel PSSI will be subject to severe sanctions from FIFA the day is close to being busy hot"
"Mr President if Bali refuses to play the U20 football match for Israel it would be better if it was directed to Papua."
If you compete in another country it means that the host isn't just Indonesia even though it's for the Israeli group phase? it's true there's no need for a U20 world cup rather than all the hassle no one dares to take a position
"This referee supports an independent Palestine but regrets the rejection of the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup |"
"latest soccer news nova88 indonesia click: world cup u20 israel can be used like russia in the 2020 olympics"
"You want to refuse it's everyone's right. But I want to ask you. How and what will you and the group that rejects the Israeli u20 national team be given severe sanctions by FIFA...?? Our national team and football competitions are stopped by FIFA... ??
"U20 world cup Israel can be needed like Russia in the 2020 Olympics"
"I think just let Israel participate in the U20 but: 1. Israel without fans don't give tickets to Israeli fans 2. raise the Palestinian flag or the Free Palestine banner inside or outside the stadium 3. intimidate the players every Israeli player holds the ball shouts " "uuuuu"" or palestine"
back and forth Israeli athletes come to compete in Indonesia even Israeli politicians attend the Inter-Parliamentary Union in Bali isn't there anything wrong with the chaos? the fate of the israel u20 national team came in the demo bin season ahead of the election. the governor of bali tricked the march 2022 meeting no demonstrations?
Continued.. as the host Indonesia will be stripped of the U20 World Cup title if FIFA remains stubborn.. it all depends on us Indonesia.. but we will return to the prmsalhn that may appear when Indonesia does not want Israel to compete!
"Indeed Indonesia has not opened diplomatic relations with Israel so it has the right to expel Israeli citizens who enter Indonesian territory... perhaps as an expert on constitutional law you can be generous in reviewing how the government should behave towards the Israeli U-20 soccer team..."
Is your coffee not thick enough bro? the pks faction in the republic of indonesia flatly rejected the arrival of the israel u20 contingent.
"be smart be brave! let's keep politics away from sports even Palestine understands the matter of the u20 world cup in Indonesia where the israel national team arrived"
"FIFA also has its own rules if we want Israel not to be allowed to play at (Indonesia's U20 World Cup) it depends on whether Indonesia dares to act decisively stick to the rules in the law so FIFA wants no matter how hard FIFA wants to include Israel in the event. world cup u20!"
"If Indonesia rejects Israel's presence as a participant who passes the U20 World Cup Indonesia should not offer itself to host the U20 World Cup in this country. But I'm sure the government will not embarrass its own country."
"That's a strategy to get the attention of the police soon there will be more crowds the reason for the Israeli U20 Team demonstration & the procession ahead of fasting... just watch"
"PKS cadres bro? Come on bro let's welcome the U20 World Cup with joy including Israel. They are good footballers.. It's different from the bastard a high-ranking act based on Islamic social institutions but a thief of people's money. Don't forget that bro... until there is currently no demo."
The fate of Palestine and Papua is the same. Indonesia recognizes and rejects the U20 World Cup Israel with reasons based on the consistency of 45 Indonesian countries. Therefore there is nothing like Israel's occupation of Palestine as well as Indonesia's occupation of the people of Papua.
"Looks at the point Palestine's message is not to question the participation of the Israeli National Team in the Indonesian U20 World Cup. PSSI of course those who can't do politics just follow FIFA's directions and Palestine also makes sense for netizens why are they so confused? Wkwkkw"
"Palestine's message is clear they through the ambassador do not blame or question Israel's participation in the Indonesian U20 World Cup. Because Indonesia only facilitates the organization of FIFA. Jetol is really related to Kaitin what is linked is not a problem"
"Netizens are a joke. Already told don't bring politics to sports just order Palestine like this about the U20 World Cup in Indonesia where the Israeli national team arrived check the thread Angga Renara Tiara Alshad"
"Indonesian people really say Mongolians are really curious about what is not the business of the U20 world cup again in Indonesia excited by the news on the Israeli national team hence the message of Palestine is waging because of the regulations that are in effect. What are netizens? PSSI can't do politics that's FIFA's realm"
Reject the Israeli colonialists to take part in U20 in Indonesia!
so much hate .....with Islam...forgotten history....fix no debate ...reject the arrival of the Israeli U20 Zionist team....not because of the Jews but because of the colonial state.apartheid
"U20 solution: play against Israel just in Singapore... win win solution"
"Surati Menpora Governor of Bali refuses Israel to compete in Bali supports the Bali regional government in rejecting the arrival of the U20 Israeli football team!!!!"
All Indonesian people reject the arrival of the Israeli U20 football team in Indonesia
"The submission of the host is much earlier than the announcement of the countries that have qualified. Ina even wants to apply to host the Olympics it's better not to have to watch it now at u20 how the protests are because Israel is there"
pks and pdip voted against israel u20 national team
the israel national team is a fifa member no those who disagree should be with fifa not the Indonesian government it only facilitates u20 football that's all
"I'm a Muslim but don't get involved with their sport (Israel) to qualify for the U20 World Cup. Your efforts are through the playoffs etc.
"If you are ready to host the U20 soccer world cup in Indonesia don't be afraid and don't be sluggish to act decisively against those who oppose the presence of the Israeli national team whoever and whatever they are."
I'm sorry sir if I was presumptuous when did I want to have a friendly gathering with the governor of Bali I will inform you about the drawing event at U20 in Bali right sir that's also the one who refused about Israel's children/u20s. I hope he realizes that Mr. PDU20 can be successful and entertain me with other football fans sir. I hope the situation clears up
"In that case it would be nice if Indonesia didn't host the U20 World Cup because FIFA doesn't know anything about Indonesia's problems with Israel and Palestine."
"The governor of Bali firmly refused to allow the Israeli U20 team to compete in Bali while Israeli lackeys who were nothing asked Bali to be the playing field for the Israeli team who are you? Look at the mirror!!"
"thank you bull but thank God in the end all layers voiced the boycott of Israel from the U20 World Cup"
wkwkw also does Indonesia know that Israel will also qualify for the U20 World Cup???
"If the clergy in Indonesia prohibit the Israel U20 national team from competing in Indonesia it would be best to revoke the event in Indonesia."
well that's how it is... usually just banning the israel u20 national team...
"It's better to be a party the DPRD rejects the Israel U20 national team why are the clergy petty !!"
"What's surprising is this Israel is criticized for colonizing Palestine. Now the Palestinian ambassador is also not a problem Israel is participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Why are we the fuss?"
Many Indonesians are busy defending Israel so they can compete with U20 here. Meanwhile what they are defending: Was there persecution of Christians in the past?
"FIFA can give PSSI severe sanctions if the arrival of the Israeli U20 National Team is rejected by some Indonesian people who are anti-Israel and the risk is that Indonesian football will be banned by FIFA and canceled to host the World Cup..."
From the beginning I have asked why Papua has not been used as a venue. the reason has never been an international event. Well U20 is his chance anyway. then I want to wait for the black pink concert here right? because it will be safe if the Israeli group plays here.
"tribunnews: bali rejects the israel u20 national team to play at the i wayan dipta stadium what about central java? this is the word reward via"
jayapura is the safest place for the israel u20 national team. Luke Enembe Stadium
"Interestingly this is Israel's problem at U20. When I wanted to be the host there had to be a letter of guarantee from the government so the Indonesian government thought Israel would pass or not?"
I didn't become the Menpora fortunately I agree with football observers Mas Joyo that it's not fair when the Israeli national team can't play U20 in Indonesia Pan Wong Akih Bedo Bedo
FIFA kicks Russia because it is in conflict with Ukraine so Indonesia should also raise objections to the Israeli Zionist playing in the U20 World Cup. If people have brains and minds we should reject barbaric countries like Israel...
"Don't mix politics with sport. Indonesia may not recognize Israel. But if the Indonesian government bans the Israeli team from participating in the U20 world championship Indonesia can be banned from participating in international football events under FIFA. Do you want that?"
"I don't know the process at FIFA. If from the start the host at U20 was Indonesia why was Israel allowed to take part in the European preliminary round? Our diplomats should have reminded FIFA."
"Bali rejects the U20 Israel National Team to play at the I Wayan Dipta Stadium what about Central Java? This is the reward via"
"shocking! governor of bali wayan koster refuses israel to play in the u20 world cup this is the reason"
"Why doesn't Israel just give in doesn't it pass its team to the U20 world cup like us during the world cup in Russia the dilemma is for Indonesia"
Israel is an occupier... don't let anyone step on his feet on the true Mother Earth. reject the israel u20 nas team.
"I agree with this bro. The government has to choose whether to defend Palestine or not. If you defend Palestine immediately step down as the host which automatically Israel will not be able to play in Indonesia. But with the risk the Indonesian national team will not compete in the U20 World Cup. If so If you want to be the host you have to accept Israel."
it's different bro who issued FIFA when the Israeli national team was not allowed to play U20 in Indonesia by a group.....
If those who come here are soldiers or political figures we will strongly reject them! So this is a group of U20 kids who want to play ball and are refused. it's not a problem I defend the israel national team. but think about what the risk is if you fight fifa! Indonesia is already good to be able to enter the world cup via the host route!
"That's not really your opinion bro. You backed down but asked for the money back. It's funny the world doesn't work like that. You don't accept that because there is Israel I'm already back and forth and I don't accept them joining WC U20. I'm not defending Israel but for Indonesia Those who refuse will backfire."
"I'm pro Israel's u20 national team was banned from appearing in the world cup not because I hate the national team. But I want to know how FIFA responds who likes double standards. Don't let this one go that one is okay. Even though "they" do the same thing but the effect is different."
"Russia was banned by FIFA not banned by the host (the host) so it's a different case if Indonesia was banned by Israel from participating in the U20 World Cup what's the advantage? In fact it's a loss if you only follow the wishes of a handful of people. From the start Israel also passed through the fair route to become the top 4 in u20 euros."
"firm! Governor Wayan Koster sent a letter to the Menpora refusing Israel to play in Bali at the U20 World Cup"
"It's getting closer to 2024 what makes me confused why not from the start people are on this problem because on the other hand the Israeli national team is not bad and there is a high probability of qualifying for the age of U20"
Those who play at Israel U20 also definitely have no intention of having a territorial war either. they are only carrying out the duty of defending the country. In fact it would be even more beautiful if because of football conflicting countries could subside and make peace.
"boycott israel boycott the u20 world cup"
"Their goal is to thwart the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Because that is the achievement of this government. So rejecting Israel is just an excuse. They are "allied" with the US the main supporters of Israel's Zionists massacred Palestine. Did athletes join the attack on Palestine?"
fifa if you still want to play u20 in indonesia yes stay for israel can't join for this time or the pd place will be changed just not in indonesia
"Because Israel entered the World Cup with Euro U20 runner-up status while we are still the host automatically if it is questioned yes Indonesia's choice is to resign but if Indonesia resigns it is useless all the preparations and negotiations for me to hold the World Cup"
"firm! Governor Wayan Koster sent a letter to the Menpora refusing Israel to play in Bali at the U20 World Cup"
The governor of Bali sent a letter refusing the U-20 Israel National Team to compete in Bali.
"Governor I Wayan Koster wrote to Menpora rejecting Israel to play the U20 World Cup in Bali"
confirm all places will reject israel u20 playing in their place.
From the start Indonesia should have refused to host the U20 World Cup if there were participants from Israel.
israel's participation in the u20 world cup
"Just because Israel took part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia it doesn't mean that Indonesia supports Israel football doesn't change the foreign policy of the Republic of Indonesia to continue to support Palestine as a sovereign country."
the Palestinian ambassador stated that it would not matter if Israel played in the U20 world cup in Indonesia because Indonesia was only a facilitator. Indonesia's support for Palestine has always been consistent and has not changed.
"Indonesia wants to be the legitimate host do we know that Israel will qualify as long as they don't qualify for the 2019 U20 World Cup. Hopefully they will find a way out. I'm afraid it will boomerang and we will be the ones who will be penalized later the poor and affected will be local athletes."
yesterday: 212 alumni fraternity &amp; Another element is holding a demonstration against Israel playing in the Indonesia U20 World Cup 2023 today: the governor of Bali refuses the Israeli national team to play in Bali at the Indonesia U20 World Cup 2023 tomorrow who else would reject the Israeli national team?
"goes according to the regulations in force". the Palestinian embassy is sure the arrival of the israel u20 national team at the u20 world cup will not change Indonesia's position regarding Palestinian independence. the palestine embassy is sure in Indonesia's determination to defend independence"
"the attitude of the Palestinian embassy to the arrival of the israel u20 national team in the u20 world cup final: .
"Regarding the rejection of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup how should we behave?"
If only our football was sanctioned or punished by FIFA it's PSSI's fault... Israel used to qualify again for the U20 World Cup Sue... the country should be boycotted like Russia..
""" why should Singapore if there is Bali"" said the open minded in response to the suggestion that the Israeli national team compete in spore during the u20 world cup uh... it turns out that Bali also refused"
"Indonesia is the host country for FIFA U20 Israel has passed to be a participant it continues to be demonstrated. This is not a matter of likes and dislikes but indeed FIFA has given the rules. This is a matter of sport not politics"
"Regarding the rejection of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup how should we behave?"
Yes you don't win the U20 World Cup if you don't want Israel to come
who rejected the issue of israel in fifa u20? yes cadres and gangs.
"What the majority of Indonesian football fans want is that the U20 World Cup will continue according to the FIFA calendar schedule in Indonesia whether Israel will be present or not the important thing is that Indonesia will still be the host... that's all."
Support the governor of Bali's firm stance on rejecting the Israeli team from competing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
"The 212 group rejected the Israel U20 national team on the grounds of defending Palestine but the Palestinian ambassador said there was no problem & remained confident in the Indonesian government's support for Palestine."
at that time it was not predictable what if israel entered? It should have been predicted from the start if something like this happened. Instead of mumed it's better if the U20 World Cup doesn't have to be in Indonesia. as well as other sporting events because it is possible that Israel will enter again
"in the opening: take part in creating world peace. that means the ball is a form of participating in creating world peace. the way Indonesia is to become a host. a good host welcomes and serves guests. by thanking the israel u20 national team indonesia implements the uud"
"A number of parties starting from Islamic organizations PKS alumni or 212 have rejected the presence of the Israeli U20 National Team which will compete in Indonesia. Why have there been so many rejections? How has the government responded?"
figure and biodata of i wayan koster: the governor who rejected israel competing in bali at the u20 world cup
"Hopefully Israel can become the U20 world champion in Indonesia champion in achievements and in the hearts of Indonesians"
Palestinian embassy takes a stand on anti-Israel demonstrations at FIFA U20. the message is very sharp. deplores the Palestinian flag to be used as an attribute of demonstrations...
"Regarding the planned presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup the Palestinian ambassador asked the public not to doubt Indonesia's position. It seems the Palestinian ambassador is worried that this issue will be used as "political fritters" within Indonesia"
"Reject Israel at the U20 World Cup but explain the reason for the refusal: existence!"
"The U20 Israel National Team are being refused to play in Indonesia. And it is possible that the Indonesian people will be anarchic towards Israeli players and supporters. PSSI must be professional don't mix football and politics."
"From my point of view Israel is still playing at U20 with a record of playing under a neutral flag as was done by Russia during the 2020 Olympics. Indonesia can submit this to FIFA with reasons according to Minister of Foreign Affairs number 3 of 2019 chapter times b point 151 b"
yes Russia is subject to FIFA sanctions &amp; If you want to write a letter to FIFA asking for sanctions for Israel FIFA rules the ball FIFA is in control not an organization this is the U20 World Cup Indonesia is trusted by FIFA.
"It turns out that people's predictions were wrong hahaha make Bali a safe place to put Israel in the U20 World Cup from Madrid fans the letter is direct from the governor engken ne ruuuu"
"What's funny is why it's only now protesting. It's been a long time since Israel passed the Indo U20 World Cup. If you don't want Israel or other countries it's better if Indonesia doesn't have to take part in any international events we want to ban Israel or other countries it's difficult. Unless you have great powers."
Even non-Muslims know about this. But Israhell's presence at WC U20 is difficult to block. At least we have a clear stance on Israel's position
"This person is just looking for a stage the feeling is that the U20 Israel National Team has been confirmed to take part in the World Cup and Bali has been appointed as one of the hosts..."
"Israel is a team that is a member of FIFA Indonesia is the place where U20 is held. If you refuse isn't it good for FIFA isn't that ustadz"
the israel national team wants to come for the u20 world cup in indonesia. there were those who demonstrated against the Israeli national team but Jokowi's banner withdrew. Hahaha
"For example if U20 is in Israel Israel doesn't have to be tired of rejecting the Indonesian national team to play there because they definitely won't qualify"
"Yeah you got nothing bro. Izzy passed playing in WC U20 Indonesia is the home country. When people want to take part in the competition everything is boycotted. I prefer that they just let them play but Israel's symbols can't be used it's like Russia right at the Olympics too gt. So when they played 1 stadium full of Palestinian flags"
"demonstration of the israel national team at the u20 world cup 2023 indonesia lpt pbnu: ""for humanity it's okay"" passing"
"These days the movement against the Israel U20 national team has started to appear a lot. After 212 now it's the governor of Bali's turn to send a letter of recommendation against Israel U20. How do we respond?"
the israel u20 national team just live in jayapura. Lukas Enembe Stadium is the safest there
the governor of bali sent a letter of objection to the menpora for u20 israel remember comrades the occupation of palestine was not just a sport
wahh the governor of bali representing the provincial government refuses israel to stay in cages and compete in bali for the u20 world cup later
do you agree with israel's rejection at u20?
"I'm neutral about this. Just for info the Israel National Team plans to play in Bali during WC U20 so the governor of Bali sent a letter. Other local governments did not send letters because it was planned that the Israel National Team would not "house" in their area during WC U20.. Just info don't support true/false"
It's exciting to wait for the reaction of the western media after there were calls to reject Israel's participation in the Indonesian archipelago U20 world cup.
bombat problem our country rules prohibit invaders this sport and fifa rules clearly israel passes and plays in u20 . . want anything else? want to be sanctioned by fifa?
"uh dul what you said are the u20 israel children they all take military service because israel is a country that has conscription for every citizen. do you understand that or not!"
current situation of israel u20 team:
"Separate football from politics like this. U20 Israeli children come to play football not spread Israeli propaganda."
Rejecting Israel is the same as embarrassing Indonesia on the world sports stage. Our human resources will be labeled backward by the international community. especially in the case of the host of the U20 World Cup Indonesia is running but
The state must act decisively against groups that block the arrival of the Israeli U20 soccer national team which will compete in the country.
"In the world cup as far as I know it was FIFA that kicked Russia why didn't FIFA kick Israel in the U20 World Cup too...?"
"reject the u20 national team ""israel" "Palestine is the only country present at the Bandung conference which until now has not enjoyed its independence."
These organizations focus not on sports but on Israel. the israel boycott is not the u20 world cup boycott.
well just ask FIFA and Uefa that's all it's a hassle... think clearly football is not a political sphere after all Palestine is also not a problem the Israeli national team is coming because they are recognized as registered members of FIFA and they follow the U20 qualification process.
It's better if you reject the U20 World Cup if you only refuse Israel to bear it
"For me the win-win solution for the Israeli U20 national team to be able to play on condition that all Israeli attributes are revoked makes sense. In terms of being able to accommodate two things namely blocking Israel from washing sports but still giving the rights of players who have the right to play in competitions"
PBNU said about the participation of the Israeli national team in the 2023 U20 World Cup: sports are okay
"It's been used so the majority supports it. Only a few are sarcastic and have to be pie? Does the Israeli U20 national team need to be headquartered in JIS so that their hearts are happy?"
"Don't worry Kadrun's fortune has already invited Arab immigrants to protest to protest the Israeli football team who wants to compete at U20"
"Whatever the debate is that clearly rejects Israel playing in this U20 world cup it is tantamount to intervening in a FIFA decision or statute which clearly and unequivocally states that the government must not interfere/intervene and there will also be sanctions if this is done."
The PKS faction asked the government and Islamic organizations to reject the visit of the Israeli U20 National Team
"If the U20 World Cup is in Israel Indonesia will not participate because it is not the host"
Soekarno just canceled the u20 world cup in the 60s against Israel what are you afraid of?
lhah the israel u20 national team since when did it become a colonialist...who colonized it anyway how come it has something to do with the '45 constitution... proudly showing off its te-o-el-o-el an...
That's why I'm thinking about rejecting the Israeli U20 National Team...
"rejected the israel u20 national team but the flag was already flying at jis next to anies.. even the pks accepted the arrival of the us ambassador to the pks office.. as israel's boss.."
"Speaking of why it's wrong but with the intention to persecute other people yes this time the U20 Israeli football team attacked Muslim brothers in Palestine. Your solidarity is fake gentlemen just thirsty for recognition tok"
"Actually I'm too lazy to have Israel play in the U20 world cup but again all of this is handled by FIFA Indonesia is only the host can't determine which countries can participate in the U20 world cup or not. Well hopefully Israel doesn't pass the group phase  so it won't be too long here wkw"
"rejects the israel u20 national team but the flag is allowed to fly in jis next to anies and pks also accepts the arrival of the us ambassador who comes to the pks office as is the boss of israel.."
"rejects the Israeli u20 national team but the Israeli flag can fly on the jis next to Anies... and the PKS also accepts the arrival of the US ambassador to the PKS office because the boss is Israel..."
"Earlier this afternoon the Israeli national team rejected the mass participants in the 203 action ""rejected the arrival of the U20 Israeli football team to Indonesia"" began to arrive in the area of ​​the Arjuna Wijaya horse statue or the Monas horse statue in Central Jakarta Monday (20/3/2023) at 14.00 WIB. "
"demonstration against the israel national team mass participants of the 203 action" "reject the arrival of the israel u20 football team to Indonesia"
"The countries that have to be blamed are countries that are in the same group as Israel why don't they play well so that Israel doesn't qualify for FIFA U20"
"I told Andung Datuk about the demonstration against the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team when the Palestinians themselves didn't mind it. Andung Datuk commented ""warm water than a cup"""
not invited...? multiply literacy ya..!! Whether Israel was invited or not was not Indonesia's decision but the world football organization and it so happened that the U20 World Championship was held in Indonesia and Israel was one of the participants.
and Israel escaped from the qualifying round held by FIFA. As for later the special treatment for Israel will be the consent of the organizers with FIFA as the federation and as a consequence of holding the U20 World Cup.
"Which campus alumni? Where are the colleges? Once again Israel's case of playing in the U20 World Cup is something legal."
Israel won U20 this is exciting I love Israel
"don't float like that just tell everyone: ""Indonesia is better off resigning as the host of WC U20 than accepting Israel damn it." ""more gentleman but still stupid too"
"action 203""rejects the arrival of the U20 Israeli football team to Indonesia""."
this is not a qualification the problem is that if Israel is banned then from the qualification you will be banned. and the u20 israel national team yesterday was the u19 euro runner up so this team is not a tin can it could have been a champion bro
"Jokowi's success or failure depends on Israel playing in the U20 gubernatorial election or not"
don't hit the average bib. there are 3 Israeli U20 children who are Muslim one of them is the goal-hungry striker Ahmad Ibrahim Salman.. he lives in the city of Taybeh the city where the Muslim base in Israel is based !!!
"emphasizing the steadfast stance of rejecting the israel national team appearing at the u20 world cup in indonesia hmi is back in action at the ministry of foreign affairs"
"ksp about israel on u20 indonesia: these are fifa rules the republic of indonesia is the host"
This is a form of threat and has been intended to block and also injure other people (the Israeli U20 national team) with planning. the police should not be silent and afraid of these groups. with this threat they show they are not afraid of the law and security forces. report sir
how can a demonstration reject the israel national team at the u20 world cup
who came israel kid u20 not the army woi
"Wow it's crowded traffic jams everywhere. How come the Israeli U20 team is seen who is demonstrating?"
u20 world cup: ainun naim's positive response to the presence of the israel national team in indonesia
"sports. Israel passed with effort. Indonesia passed because of the prize as the host. It continues to be noisy because of this. If not for the host what year is Indonesia able to play Pildun. Never mind getting a bonus it's noisy too. U20 kids."
"israel qualified because of the qualification so they deserve to take part in the u20 world cup. put aside politics and sports are unifiers"
what was the mistake of the israel u20 national team so that they were refused to take part in pd-u20 in indonesia?
"Yes history used to be like that as a continuation we are now establishing diplomatic relations between countries. Now what does this have to do with the ban on the Israel U20 national team?"
"on the focus on rejecting Israel's U20 even though there were several European black metal bands who had a concert in Ancol whose genre was real satanic"
Is there a change if I reject Israel in the U20 World Cup?
PSSI and Acting Menpora's attitude regarding Israel's noisy rejection of the 2023 U20 World Cup
"Less literature or something Israel passed the U20 World Cup it was already known since last year but it's only being demoed now why didn't you read it earlier"
(out of the context of the feud between Palestine and Israel) the Israeli national team deserves to enter the U20 world cup because it passed legally.
"""don't make your hatred of a people make you do injustice.." the u20 israel national team entered the world cup with their own hard work. the Indonesian national team gets a free bonus to immediately become a participant because of that..."
"I'm also confused what should I do? Do I have to make a rule about using weapons with Israel or rhyme wars with youths?"
Never mind you don't have to let the Israel U20 national team come. you don't need to be disturbed let alone act anarchistically which will harm the Indonesian nation especially football in the international arena
"Think going forward bro if this host for the U20 World Cup fails because of Israel's Graa it could be that in the future Indonesia if the bid to host an international event is likely to be rejected like the Olympics Asia or the upcoming World Cup"
that should have been banned by the fans who came. besides from the Palestinian side it doesn't matter if the Israeli team comes to the U20 world cup because it's an event from FIFA too.
"hadeh! 212 alumni hold demonstration reject Israel from participating in the U20 world cup......"
"Palestine is in direct conflict with Israel through the ambassador you can understand that Israel came to Indonesia for the U20 World Cup separate political affairs from sports. That's what the Palestinians said directly so what's the deal with the demonstrations? Why are the Indonesian Muslims not really anyway ?"
"Relax later the Israeli U20 team will return to their headquarters the Nasbung troops will not arrive in Bali"
"Oh how come the quality of politicians is like this it really seems that the important thing is to corner the government. Wow this is a sporting event not politics and if Israel is refused to attend it means that the U20 World Cup can fail don't you have a brain?"
"In the end I asked Mr. Jokowi to step down... you are welcome! I proposed to the U20 committee that the Israeli team should just play at the Dipta Stadium... to be safe."
"Don't you want the Dpr meeting to discuss the naturalization of U20 and basketball national team players (Justin Ivar Rafael and Anthony Beane Jr) instead members of Commission III of the DPR PKS faction went out of topic Wasweswos to Israel's problem playing in the U20 World Cup."
but the Palestinian ambassador said it was not a problem that the Israeli national team came &amp; play in the u20 world cup because the mechanism is not the will of the Indonesian government
"Action 203 against the U20 national team for Israeli football in the area of ​​the horse statue Monas Jakarta. Monday 20 March 2023."
Participate in a demonstration against the arrival of the Israeli U20 Timmas. Maya gets money and money
why did the demo just before the event? why wasn't it that when Israel was confirmed to pass the u20 pildub they immediately staged a demonstration?
"Please the media noted 212 does not represent the Indonesian nation for Israel U20 please come to Pancasila Earth we welcome you to the World Cup U20 Championship."
Action 203 "rejects the arrival of the U20 Israeli football team to Indonesia" at the horse statue today (20/03/2023)
u20 world cup: palestine's response to the presence of the israel national team in indonesia
"unfortunately Indonesia was appointed to host the world cup for the first time even though U20 eh Israel passed"
"The Palestinian ambassador doesn't even mind Israel going to Indonesia to compete in the U20. As usual you already know how this group works it's been a long time since the donors don't want to give money anymore. There is an Israeli issue the opportunity to liquidate demo funds again. Liquid liquid ramdhan it is already near!"
I hope Israel will become the u20 world champion in the future
"reject the u20 national team""israel"""
Sports cannot be equated with politics. Moreover our constitution is free and active politics. The Palestinian ambassador alone supports the Israeli team competing in the U20 world championship in Indonesia. those who object and refuse fail to understand.
"he he he what can the Arab dog do if the israel u20 team comes to Indonesia... welcome to Indonesia... lsrael team u20 don't mind the scumbag barking dogs they don't bite..."
really horrified that the holy religion of Islam was politicized to thwart the israel u20 soccer team??
"Being a participant in the world cup even though it's not an easy age group. After qualifying for the U20 final how come it's forbidden to appear for a fair reason. It's better if Indonesia becomes host to any sporting event include Israel's requirements if there are any finals must fall immediately."
"ksp about israel on u20 indonesia: these are fifa rules the republic of indonesia as the host -"
"Politically Zuhair believes that Indonesia is still in its original spirit does not support Israel as a country especially those that have been colonizing Palestine...."
"Ahead of the U20 World Cup soccer match in Indonesia the Palestinian ambassador also spoke up after the polemic against the Israeli national team's refusal to compete later."
It is better for the government of the Republic of Indonesia not to volunteer as the organizer of the U20 World Cup when it is known that one of the participants is the national team for the Israeli occupation country because it is contrary to the Constitution of the Republic of Indonesia the first paragraph of the opening paragraph of the 45th Constitution that colonialism in the world must be abolished.
Muhadjir's response to the proposal for the Israeli national team to compete at U20 in Singapore: difficult
"Indonesia has no diplomatic relations with Israel the u20 world cup. It is a good step for Israel not to use its flag"
"reject the arrival of the U20 Israeli national team what are the 212 until the GNPF Ulama hold 203 actions today"
tribunnews: what is 212 until gnpf ulama holds action 203 to reject the arrival of the israel u20 national team via
tribunnews: rizieq shihab was not present at the 203 action to reject the arrival of the israel u20 national team at the horse statue via
only terrorists reject the arrival of the israel u20 national team.. this is just a ball game not a political problem...
"Ahlulbait Scouts' statement regarding the Israeli U-20 national team our Ahlulbait Scouts youth organization firmly stated their position of rejecting the arrival of the "Israeli" U20 football team for the following reasons: read in full:"
apa 212 until gnpf ulama held action 203 to reject the arrival of the israel u20 national team via
Rizieq Shihab was not present at the 203 action against the arrival of the U20 Israeli national team at the horse statue via
"Ksp about Israel at U20 Indonesia: this is FIFA rules the Republic of Indonesia as the host --- MUI: all Islamic organizations reject the presence of the Israeli national team in Indonesia --- the chairman of Pelita Ummah: UUD 1945 and Pancasila under FIFA?"
"The attitude of PKS supporters of Anies and religious organizations can damage Indonesia's reputation: reject the Israel U20 National Team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia are determined to use takbir to scare Israeli players."
"The arrogant attitude of PKS supporters of Anies and religious organizations can damage Indonesia's reputation: reject the Israel U20 National Team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia are determined to use takbir to scare Israeli players. Help sir"
"fifa wc u20 right? why did indonesia want to be the host at that time if you reject israel then you don't have to be the host. fifa still admits israel info has the right to reject israel but the decision will go back to fifa as the organizer. so indonesia is better withdraw from the host's position."
"Thank God sir hopefully Indonesia will also have the courage to refuse the arrival of the Israeli U20 (which has clearly been colonizing for tens of years) like the courage of other countries which rejected Russian athletes at international sporting events under the pretext of the invasion of Ukraine"
we dared to scream when Russia was thrown from the world cup. but silent when israel took part in the u20 world cup. that's indonesia
I continue to support the government in facilitating the Israel U20 national team to compete in Indonesia. this is sport not politics...go ahead and continue..
"Indonesia still has to facilitate the Israel U20 national team as a consequence in the world of sports. That's just carrying out a free and active foreign policy."
"As the host of the U20 World Cup it is obligatory to accept all countries that have passed. Don't be associated with the political attitudes of the host country. If you don't want the country's arrival (example: Israel) cancel your status as host. Go to the 2nd tweet"
Indonesian people reject the arrival of the Israeli U20 football team in Indonesia
don't let israel take part in the u20 world cup
"What's the deal between football and politics. The Israeli U20 national team just came the only ones who refused were the groups it's not clear how come..."
PNib: Don't bring politics let alone the politicization of religion into Israeli football. U20 came because FIFA was not an invitation from PSSI &amp; Indonesian government. distinguish football from israeli political issues &amp; palestine
pnib: don't bring politics let alone the politicization of religion into football. the arrival of the israel u20 national team because the fifa agenda was not an invitation to pssi &amp; Indonesian government. What is the difference between football and Israeli political issues &amp; palestine.
reject the arrival of the Israeli u20 soccer team.
"Just a bluff too big omdo just try it if you dare. Attacking the U20 Israel National Team is tantamount to embarrassing the country and for sure the TNI/Polri will not be silent. We'll prove it later"
There is no longer anything left for us not to reject the Israeli U20 team if the Jewish grandchildren of Israel's 'declarators' like Miko refuse to let the Zionists step on the land of the archipelago. may our leaders be strengthened. ___ service info and click donations:
FIFA isn't fair when Israel can enter the U20 World Cup but Russia can't just qualify for the World Cup but even the Europa League too... it should be the same
What if it turns out that the Indonesian U20 National Team is in the same group as Israel? do you want to win wo or lose wo?
the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup is a fifa provision
Palestine believes that the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup is a provision from FIFA
U20 World Cup: Palestine doesn't matter if the Israel National Team is present in Indonesia
"U20 World Cup Palestine doesn't matter if the Israel National Team joins the competition"
hmi rejects israel's participation in the u20 world cup: don't pawn the nation's commitment!
"This is a different case bro the Asian Games are a multi-event event where there is no qualifying route to take part in it while Israel can qualify for the U20 World Cup officially through the qualifying route if it is rejected the business can go directly to FIFA."
never mind.... they're only u20 kids who want to play ball... it's really complicated to refuse... after the world cup Israel won't come back here
"Clearly and clearly the representatives of Palestine don't have a problem with Israel playing in the U20 World Cup. In my opinion if there are more disadvantages for Israel playing here ban it. But if there are more benefits don't ban it."
push Israel to come to the u20 world cup
"It has been banned in the AFC it turns out that the grandchildren of Abraham Isaac and Yacub have also managed to qualify for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia... God and the Israeli team"
double standard yes i agree. Why don't our citizens officially protest to FIFA about Israel's participation in WC U20? for example via PSSI Scra directly for security reasons of the event itself?
"Regarding the U20 which is being held in March where Israeli Zionists participate and the FPI will massively take to the streets ..... I hope the government doesn't overreact...... like this.... Israel is Zionist of course it is illegal to want a Muslim-majority country ...."
must reject the arrival of the israel u20 football national team....
"Assalamu'alaikum salam .... straight to the point .... regarding the implementation of the U20 March Israel came to Indonesia I hope the government in this case is calm to respond .... Israel is a Zionist country of course it is illegal to enter Indonesia a Muslim-majority country.. .."
"Those who are drama bp fans those who are about Nagita's clothes on the beach those who refuse to join the U20 Israeli national team... people don't understand more and more"
"The 1962 Asian Games categorically refused Israel to participate which raised pros and cons and the 1962 Asian Games were almost declared invalid did the U20 World Cup refusal to occur again.... let's see friends"
If you don't want Israel to play in Indonesia when you know that Israel will qualify Indonesia will just resign as host. that's why it bothers. Israel has passed the U20 World Cup as runner up in the Uefa U19 Championship so it has the right to play.
"Pea 212 do you understand what ambassador means? The Palestinian government does not have a problem with Israel's participation in the U20 Cup and the ambassador said that as the legitimate representative of their country. You know the crowd just wants to riot."
"The Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia Zuhair Al Shun said that the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup was FIFA's decision. The Palestinian ambassador is optimistic that the presence of the Israeli national team will not change Indonesia's support for the Palestinian people."
"Yeah you don't have to hold the U20 World Cup then okay? Even though if you don't agree Israel can protest properly. For example watch carefully but bring flags and banners that support Palestine."
"Indonesia is part of the world PSSI is also part of FIFA if Indonesia is part of the world it can eliminate Israel if PSSI is part of FIFA should it exclude the U20 football team from Israel? Indonesia don't be careless."
"well that's him.. the problem is amar ma'ruf nahi munkar is his own standard which in many ways doesn't make sense nowadays like example: Israel's ban on the u20 world cup here the value of his 'amar ma'ruf nahi mu kar' in where??"
"The pros and cons of Israel's presence in the 2023 U-20 World Cup should be addressed in an adult way Israel's participation in the U-20 World Cup has no political relationship &amp; the invitation is from FIFA not Indonesia. Ready to host Indonesia must be ready to receive guests from any country"
"Being the host at this time? Israel has already entered the qualification for the U20 World Cup in the same group as Italy England France & Slovakia it's impossible to be told not to come sometimes you think differently."
There is currently a lively discussion regarding the planned arrival of the Israel U20 national team to Indonesia. Some time ago 2 MPs attended a meeting in Bali.
refused the participation of the israel u20 team.
"PEA 212 rejects the arrival of the U20 Israeli national football team to Indonesia. _ even if it is accepted it is not certain that the Israeli national team will win. So it's only natural that you call them "grandfather of a failed generation" or people with a loser mentality"
"Indonesia is only the organiser it's easier to kick Indonesia out of the way than expelling Israel to become a participant in the U20 World Cup.."
I don't agree with Russia's rejection of the world cup. because of that I also do not agree if there is Israel's rejection of the U20 world cup ~
On the one hand the Palestinian ambassador did not have a problem with Israel's escape at WC U20. so confusing
Salute to Mr. Edy the governor of North Sumatra for his statement and attitude towards sports especially football. the u20 world cup will be held in indonesia many parties question the participation of the israel football team which also takes part.fifa-pssi
"Thank you Ambassador for the message so input for those who refuse Israel to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
"The polemic of the Israeli national team that will compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia here is the statement by the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia."
"Really the Israeli U20 national team wants to go to war with weapons iki arep sports cukk sports are also fried to become a political issue....Palestine doesn't matter if Palestine is supported it's not a problem it's pretending to be Palestinian....pie to kihhh how come it pisses me off"
"colonialism in the world must be abolished I personally reject Israel's arrival at U20"
Ansor Ormas Demonstrates Against Israel National Team Compete in Indonesia U20 World Cup - bee news
"The U20 World Cup is FIFA's official event. FIFA strictly upholds the values ​​of sportsmanship and brotherhood. FIFA is also anti-racist. We can criticize the Israeli government for its problems with Palestine. But not the national team. What's more it turns out that several Israeli players are Muslim."
"Israel appears at the U20 World Cup Indonesia's support for Palestine will not change"
"If it's like this those who continue to maintain hatred for the Israel U20 National Team. Only because of revenge the result of a story passed down from generation to generation. Where is the vein of shame? Fellow human beings created by God stop hating each other in the name of God."
"The venue for the U20 World Cup opening ceremony was GBK while the Manahan Solo stadium was chosen as the venue for the closing ceremony. Reportedly the Israeli national team is in a group that will compete at the Captain I Wayan Dipta stadium Bali. Erick thohir"
The arrival of the Israeli U20 National Team for the World Cup in Indonesia will not change anything regarding Indonesia's support for Palestinian independence. Once again it should be noted that Indonesia is only the host not the decision maker.
MDI firmly rejects the Israeli National Team coming and playing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"Indonesia adheres to the 1945 Constitution and Pancasila. So don't just talk ""I am Pancasila I am Indonesia""! reject the Israeli U20 National Team !! there is no place for invaders!"
Thousands of Soloraya Muslims reject the U20 Israeli football team in Indonesia
"FIFA's decision. If they come to Indonesia this is a different issue. The host country must obviously serve the guests said the Palestinian Ambassador Zuhair Al-Shun regarding the arrival of the Israeli National Team for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
push.. the Israeli u20 team is barbaric
hahahahaha the country of Israel has ever done something wrong with Indonesia right? To take part in the U20 match there is a lot of fuss.
In the U20 Cup in Indonesia it's wrong. The government allows participants from U20 Israel what is it???? This is football not supporting sovereignty but gosh cadres.
Indonesia's role is only to provide the place for the U20 world football event meaning.
Sir as the Acting Act you don't need to ask for opinions or fatwas regarding the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team because the position of our proclaimer is clear.
"Conscription for Israel's citizens and even permanent residents. When they turn 18 they must join the IDF. And this is what they do. The Israeli U20 World Cup players have &amp; will join the IDF to repress Palestinians with threats and insults. Israel Team Isn't are not welcome here"
Ahlulbait Indonesia firmly rejects the presence of the U20 Israel National Team
"israelites suggest rejecting the israhaell national team.... u20"
"Ambassador of Palestine that Israel's participation has gone through selection and is a FIFA decision for that reason don't politicize Israel's participation in the Indonesia U20 World Cup. Indonesia is only the organizer."
MDI firmly rejects the Israeli National Team coming and playing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"*rejects the u-20 national team ""israel""* as long as the independence of the Palestinian nation has not been handed over to the Palestinian people that's why the Indonesian nation has stood up to challenge Israeli occupation. (Soekarno 1962)"
Indonesians who protest against Israel's presence in the U20 match in Indonesia are the most stupid people in the world ~ Do they know that their attitude makes FIFA think again about Indonesia wanting to host FIFA in the future !!! stupid e ancient and primitive humans
"Convey your complaints to the FIFA president so that the Israeli national team is relegated what can the Indonesian government do after agreeing to host the U20 World Cup."
soon the world cup u20 team israel....
"The mess around the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia was responded positively by the Palestinian ambassador. Because football and politics are like water and oil they cannot be mixed. The Indonesian public must be aware of that."
"Israel has the right to play in the 3023 U-20 World Cup after becoming a 2022 U-19 European Cup finalist. good & friendly nation"
Indonesia continues to support Palestine even though the Israeli national team is coming to Indonesia. Salute to the Palestinian Ambassador for accepting FIFA's decision to bring in the Israel National Team at the U20 World Cup.
"Pros &amp; cons regarding the Israel U-20 national team the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia assesses the participation of the Israeli national football team in the U-20 World Cup as a provision from the international football federation (FIFA)."
even though the presence of the israel u20 national team to indonesia reaped the pros and cons. The attitude of the Palestinian embassy in Indonesia is really cool. Zuhair asked the public to be able to distinguish between political issues and sporting events. Indonesia and Palestine
respect the attitude of the Palestinian embassy in Indonesia regarding responding to the polemic on the arrival of the Israeli national team to Indonesia for the U20 world cup
"Ambassador of Palestine to Indonesia responding to the polemic over the arrival of Israel U20 to Indonesia. The public must be able to separate political &amp; sporting issues. The participating countries are part of the competition according to the rules &amp; this is FIFA's decision."
oh the palestine embassy brochure said itself that the arrival of the israel u20 national team to indonesia was a fifa stipulation not indonesia. I salute the Palestinians for responding to this polemic very well
"Even though the Israeli national team will take part in the U20 match Indonesia will still support Palestine."
"Really respect the Palestinian embassy in Indonesia Zuhair emphasized that Palestine does not want to interfere with the holding of the U20 World Cup which presents Israel. Indonesia and Palestine"
"Wow this is really cool even though the Israel U20 national team came to Indonesia. Indonesia's support for Palestine will not change"
"This is FIFA's decision. If they come to Indonesia this is a different issue. The host country must obviously serve the guests" said Palestinian Ambassador Zuhair Al-Shun regarding the arrival of the Israeli national team for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia "
Indonesian solidarity remains for Palestinian sovereignty. u20 world cup is a football tournament. the israel national team won tickets fairly by qualifying. don't mix it up with politics
"The Palestinian ambassador has already said not to link politics and football the arrival of the Israel National Team is a FIFA stipulation Indonesia being appointed as the host of the U20 World Cup is only facilitating... those who are still concerned about it are not doing enough work to freeze football"
"In the excitement of the Israeli national team's rejection of the Indonesian U20 World Cup Erick Thorhir finally spoke out"
"agreed to separate political issues and sporting interests Israel's arrival and participation in the U20 World Cup is a FIFA provision not Indonesia. Indonesia is obliged to be a good host for all participants who qualify"
"How come the Palestinian state is so intelligent in addressing this problem while we are? What's more groups that reject the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team. Oh well sometimes excessive hatred accompanied by big political passions makes us look unintelligent !!"
"Israel appears at the U20 World Cup Indonesia's support for Palestine will not change kompas.com+ read the news without ads: download the application:"
Miko Paled asked President Jokowi to refuse the Israel National Team to come to Indonesia for the U20 World Cup. see full news at
calming match after israel played at wc u20
"* Israel appears in the U20 World Cup Indonesia's support for Palestine will not change"
"the israel national team has qualified for the u20 world cup. as the host some indonesian people reject israel's arrival."
"The chairman of PSSI emphasized that PSSI is focused on preparing the best possible implementation regarding the arrival of the Israeli National Team in Indonesia in the U20 World Cup the domain is different. And Indonesia also remains consistent in supporting Palestinian sovereignty"
MDI firmly rejects the Israeli National Team coming and playing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"Press conference 15/3/2023 Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia Zuhair Al-Shun responded to the participation of the Israeli national team in the U-20 World Cup in Indonesia Zuhair: Israel appeared in the U20 World Cup Indonesia's support for Palestine will not change."
"Sir I sincerely request you to reconsider the participation of the Israeli National Team in the U20 World Cup. For the sake of &amp; for humanity. Remember Bung Karno's message the contents of the opening of the 45th Constitution the feelings of Palestinians etc. please follow the MUI's directions"
MDI firmly rejects the Israeli National Team coming and playing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"The Israel U20 national team wants to come to Indonesia this is the reaction of the Palestinian ambassador"
"The u20 world cup is a world football event not an inter-state congress. We didn't invite it but Israel qualified fairly while the Palestinian ambassador already understands does this polemic need to be further dramatized? Erick thohir"
"| Rejecting Israel's presence in Indonesia the Gelora Party suggests that Israel's match at the U20 World Cup be moved to Singapore"
Russia/Russia's team of that size was banned from participating in the World Cup/Olympics... why is Israel which has been colonizing Palestine for decades allowed it... where is the justice in the world of sports... the Indonesian people are rejecting the arrival of the Israeli U20 football team to play in Indonesia
top news israel independent people's newspaper participating in the u20 world cup in the homeland of Palestine is always in the hearts of the Indonesian people
u20 world cup: response to the presence of the national team in Indonesia
"So the sovereignty of the Indonesian nation is at stake the government is asked to be careful regarding Israel's escape in the U20 World Cup"
"Yeah after all Indonesia just got lucky to be the host pretending to be the one who has the event... Israel won the U20 World Cup through competition said FIFA regret choosing Indonesia to be the host some of the supporters minus the way they think haha"
"Action 203 together with 212 rejected the arrival of the U20 Israeli national football team to Indonesia Monday March 20 2023 at 13.00 WIB until it was finished: a horse statue let's make it viral ..‼"
the acceptance of the u20 football team from Israel's illegal regime is a betrayal in subtle terms.
"mui & hh rejects the israel u20 national team in indonesia refuses the israel national team to compete with the consequences of being sanctioned by fifa &amp; if you don't want to accept israel the best choice is to resign as host of the kdrun always feeling the most holy & self-righteous political affairs are mixed up with sport"
"The arrival of the Israeli national team has become a pros and cons for Indonesia the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia Zuhair Al Shun is sure & confirms that Indonesia's relationship with Palestine will not change. He understands Indonesia must be professional as the host for the U20 World Cup"
"So those who are protesting know even the officials of the Palestinian state themselves have no objection to the participation of the Israeli U20 National Team in the World Cup event in Indonesia. Because they understand which is religion and which is politics."
"After the minister of finance there is another fried minister of foreign affairs. Even at the U20 world cup in Indonesia there is a contingent from Israel. Of course Kadrun wants the minister of foreign affairs to resign. Even though the one who invited the Israeli team was FIFA. Let's just fry food for iftar.. Greetings."
Wow Israel has participated in the U20 World Cup
hmi rejects israel's participation in the u20 world cup: don't pawn the nation's commitment!
"For the government why refuse the U-20 Israel national team to play in the Indonesia-U20 wc?? This is sport not politics! The Palestinians also allow Indonesia to allow Israel to play in Indonesia. What kind of stupid thing is this? even though-- (continued under)"
anti-israel in all fields............ it turns out that there are U20 world cup participants from barbaric countries..... and the hosts actually support and maintain security desperately for this barbaric country world cup fair worse than trash
israel u20 football national team refused to enter indonesia? because they are considered colonizers. Has Indonesia ever been colonized by Israel? how many Indonesians reject the israel u20 national team in indonesia.
"note: Palestine did not protest against the participation of Israeli football players in the U20 which was held in Indonesia which clearly protested the kadrun who had run out of food money so they accepted a demo project against the arrival of Israeli football players spy can eat poor !!!!"
barbaric zionist lanknatullah mui response to the arrival of the israel national team in u20 indonesia
"reject the U20 national team ""israel"" as long as the independence of the Palestinian nation has not been handed over to the Palestinians that's why the Indonesian nation has stood against Israeli occupation. (Soekarno 1962)"
"The division of the U20 world cup group is exciting to see Israel at the U20 world cup hehehe"
"the israel embassy emphasized that the presence of the israel national team at the u20 world cup in indonesia is a fifa stipulation only for sporting purposes and nothing more! be smart guys."
"Those who refuse Israel's U20s to Indonesia they're just being sensitive it's just slow... they are like that when they say it again…"
Indonesia should have complained or raised an objection to FIFA about Israel being able to play in the U20 World Cup because Russia alone can be kicked out by FIFA because of Russia's invasion of Ukraine
dis! Palestine is not a problem for U20 Israelis to Indonesia! we are asked to separate between politics and sports. what do you think?
the Palestinian ambassador has given information regarding the presence of the Israeli team at U20 - that is already a FIFA regulation and Indonesia only facilitates the place as an organizer so it's clear frens..
mdi: the presence of the israel u20 national team in indonesia will trigger rejection by muslims
a number of mass organizations from various elements of society as well as political parties rejected the arrival of the israel u20 soccer national team to participate in the soccer world cup which will be held in Indonesia. including Mui Muhammadiyah &amp; pks what about the Indonesian government?
"the Israeli national team will play in the Indonesian U20 world cup this is the attitude of the Palestinian ambassador"
"The response of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is normative. If the Israeli national team has been determined by FIFA to participate in the U20 and the participating countries have no objections because this is a football matter then Indonesia's options are: a: accept the arrival of the israel national team b: cancel as host of the u20 world cup. **please choose"
Is PKS responsible if PSSI is banned by FIFA?? don't harm national football just because politics interferes with sportsmanship. the rejection of the israel u20 national team makes no sense.
"Regarding the plans for the Israeli national team to play in the U20 world cup this is what Muhadjir Effendy said!"
"Palestinian Ambassador Manna: The presence of the Israeli U20 team in Indonesia is not a problem it is FIFA's business."
"After all Israel can't be ostracized just like that. If you can't accept them to Indonesia it's better if you just let them host the U20 World Cup. If you dare to be the host you have to be brave enough to receive guests... put aside the origins of the country and things" "which smells negative."
"every time I see the u20 israel commotion i just rub my chest to see the hatred (mon sorry) the average iq is towards the group that has the highest % of nobel recipients for population. fanaticism adds to the lack of education really the most popular double combo ~~"
"Palestinian Ambassador Manna: The presence of the Israeli U20 team in Indonesia is not a problem we respect FIFA's business."
The chairman of the Republic of Indonesia DPD Lanyalla has long suggested this regarding the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. send regards to
"Watch two sides with the theme ""the Israeli national team is present at U20 Indonesia: why is it so polemic??"". Tonight at 20.00 WIB live on tvone."
"fifa matchday vs palestine so there won't be a fuss over israel u20 come to indonesia s3 marketing"
"Israel has qualified for the U20. Indonesia is the host. There is no reason to refuse the presence of championship participants who have already got tickets unless we withdraw from being the host. Don't make everything politicized."
Indonesia will be judged by the world that Indonesia is an old nation &amp; It is primitive if sports are mixed with politics so those who refuse to play u20 israel in Indonesia are stupid and stupid.
innalillahi palestina: Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup has become Indonesia's authority to make Sisca Cirebon Ariel real.
KNPI rejects Israel National Team at U20 World Cup: according to the mandate of the first paragraph of the opening of the 1945 Constitution
"Funny question. Logically PSSI and the government understand that the Israeli team has the possibility of qualifying for the U20 World Cup when Indonesia was officially set to host the U20 World Cup from 2019 and in fact Israel managed to qualify to represent Europe 10 months ago the funny thing is that now it's just an issue?"
"Even the Palestinian ambassador can understand that Israel's presence is a FIFA provision Indonesia is only facilitating because Indonesia was appointed by FIFA as the host for the U20 World Cup. The Palestinian ambassador also said to distinguish between politics and football..."
escape u20 israel &amp; Indonesian sovereignty is at stake. Experts suggest Israel players' U20 match to be held in Singapore
"Regarding the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup the Palestinian government: the authority is in the hands of Indonesia"
"To entertain those who reject the Israel U20 National Team playing in Indonesia"
you don't need to be denied... the israel national team may join u20 but may not set foot and compete in indonesian territory
long ago the chairman of the Republic of Indonesia DPD Lanyalla had long ago suggested this regarding the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup event in Indonesia.
"Just let them have their rights I'll bring the Israeli flag to the stadium at the WC U20 event it's also my right"
efforts to reduce the tension of the arrival of the israel national team at the u20 world cup..
"There are aims and objectives to restore public trust the previous month May Israel came to Indonesia for the U20 Worlcup"
"If Israel continues the group phase in the U20 World Cup it could be possible to live in Indonesia together with the Palestinian senior team... hehe..."
Palestine has no doubts about Indonesia's support even though Israel is participating in the U20 World Cup
"In a press conference at the Palestinian embassy in Jakarta on Wednesday (15/3) Ambassador Zuhair Al-Shun assured the public not to doubt Indonesia's firm position following the arrival of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup"
"The Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia can be wise with the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team to Indonesia distinguish political issues from sports why are you nervous?"
Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup has complied with FIFA rules
"Palestine calls the football arena without state sentiment (Israel) Habib Kribo: I hope the U20 World Cup can bring people to live in harmony"
"Don't worry because there is Israel U20 in Pildun. Okay"
"The Israel National Team's rejection of the U20 World Cup is excited this is the response of Erick Thorhir Mahfud MD and the Palestinian Ambassador"
"Seeing the many tweets about the Israeli national team wanting to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia I'm just thinking when will sports be separated from politics???"
kits don't politicize the u20 world cup regarding israel qualifying.... we are still learning a lot from professional fifa who don't see israel's position in the world of war with palestine.
"Hopefully entertained by the duel of the Palestinian national team for those who refuse the Israeli national team to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia continued success for Timanas Garuda"
"It's okay it's actually good as well as for defending the few critics of the arrival of the Israeli National Team at the U20 WC later how come people qualify via qualification how come they can't even come you have to be aware of the consequences"
Israel can be a thorn in the U20 world cup. need socialization and campaigns from now on by the government and penpel.
the effect of israel participating in the u20 world cup???
"Indonesia will definitely face Palestine (rank 93) in the FIFA Matchday match later in June! It's a good move because the FMD has been preparing for a long time. And it also seems to be an effort to harmonize the atmosphere in the midst of a wave of Israeli rejection at WC U20."
The chairman of the DPD of the Republic of Indonesia long ago suggested that the Israeli team play in Singapore in the U20 World Cup. Read the full news at: Download the Lanyalla Center mobile application now on your Appstore and Playstore
"From the top football side we got opponents who were much stronger than us. From the administrative side it has also started to be organized and taken care of from afar. From the political side Pak Erick Thorhir is also really good at it you know what's been busy lately. about israel and the u20 world cup."
"international football sop fifa before the match must sing the national anthem of each country that is competing including flying the team's national flag on the field. This means that in Indonesia later at U20 the Israeli national anthem must be sung &amp; the flag must be waved."
Palestine's attitude towards the participation of the Israeli football team in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia turned out to be more mature. Israel's presence due to FIFA provisions. host country is just a facilitation.
Palestine which has an interest doesn't mind how come there are people in this country who protest against the presence of Israeli football players at Kej.dunia U20.
Palestinian Ambassador Zuhair Al-Shun said the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup was a FIFA &amp; believe that Indonesia's support for Palestine will never change... definitely yes!!! Sports should be separated from politics...
"Israel passed from the qualifying group through a hard struggle. How do you ban appearing at the U20 World Cup. It's easier to thwart Indonesia as the organizer of Pildun."
"Zonk said: ""I've defended it you even Israel played at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia."
expel israel from u20 world cup
"The ambassador is an extension of the voice of the country he represents. If the Palestinian ambassador himself understands understand respects decisions and will not intervene in the matter of the Israeli national team in the U20 world cup then what are we going to do? It's time to focus! Erick thohir"
"Israe which does not have diplomatic relations with Indonesia will participate in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia later. Will the Israel National Team not be supported by its citizens in the match regarding visa matters etc.?"
"Listen to what the Palestinian Ambassador is talking about don't be nething Indonesia still supports Palestine how come it doesn't affect it even though the Israeli team is playing in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia!"
The Palestinian Ambassador understands that Israel's presence in the U20 World Cup is FIFA's right
"According to the Palestinian Ambassador Indonesia's support for Palestine will never change even though Israel is playing in the U20 World Cup"
"Salute to the statement by the Palestinian Ambassador to Indonesia regarding the participation of the U20 Israel National Team in the FIFA U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Logical understands the rules &amp; dares to go against the grain. At least for MUI PKS &amp; those who reject it."
"Now listen to that don't be negligent Indonesia still supports Palestine even though the Israeli team is participating in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Differentiate between sports and politics"
"Israel appears at the U20 World Cup Indonesia's support for Palestine will not change"
why are you silent?? that's why we need scholar certification by taking care of the israel u20 national team boss..
So it's not Rana PSSI right? Palestinians have to accept the presence of the Israeli team at U20 because that's a provision from FIFA and no country can intervene. and Palestine has no right to intervene in Indonesia.
"Idiot Kadrun you thought the Israeli national team was a participant because it was invited by the Indonesian government. Wow stupid the Israeli national team has qualified for the U20 World Cup because it went through various stages of fighting in the qualifying rounds. The U20 World Cup is the authority of FIFA not the Indonesian government"
Palestine accepts the presence of the Israeli team at U20 because it is a provision from FIFA and cannot be intervened by any country. so it's not PSSI shutter guys
Coordinating Minister for PMK Muhadjir Effendy was reluctant to talk much about the participation of the Israel U20 National Team (Timnas) which will play in the Indonesian U-20 World Cup.
"reject the u-20 national team ""israel"" colonialism is the great enemy of the Indonesian people therefore the arrival of the u-20 football national team of the colonial entity ""israel"" must be rejected and canceled!"
the polemic regarding Israel being a participant in the U20 World Cup which will be held in Indonesia will be a separate agenda and the MUI will invite related parties to determine their stance later.
"israel's u20 pass israel's u20 match should be in singapore"
Come on let's watch Israel at the U20 world cup
"all the minions like France and America who are participating in the U20 World Cup must be boycotted don't just boycott Israel. To be fair"
There are currently two modules/backgrounds on Indonesian social media campaigning against U20 football players for the Israel team via Twibbonize. all you have to do is put your photo on the background that you like please forward it to your group and friends thanks
*_action 203_* together with the 212 alumni fraternity rejected the arrival of the israel u20 football national team to Indonesia Monday 20 March 2023 13.00 until the end of gathering point: horse statue. field coordinator: buya husein wakorlap: ust verry k
how come the organizers let the killers (a football team from the illegal Israeli regime) participate in the u20 later?
"he said the u20 team from the illegal Israeli regime will participate later isn't that wrong? doesn't that apply to those who have countries?"
"reject the u-20 national team ""israel"" colonialism is the great enemy of the Indonesian people therefore the arrival of the u-20 football national team of the colonial entity ""israel"" must be rejected and canceled!"
firmly reject the u20 team from the illegal regime of Israel!
Israel U20 national team will compete in Indonesia. their presence must be firmly rejected. If anyone accepts it it means they are traitors to UUD45 and Pancasila. because invaders and terrorists have no place on earth Indonesia.
action 203 with the 212 alumni fraternity rejects the arrival of the israel u20 football national team to indonesia monday 20 march 2023 13.00 until finish gathering point: horse statue. field coordinator: buya husein wakorlap: ust verry k
"The U20 World Cup is only two months away and the issue of rejecting the arrival of the Israeli national team among cadets and opponents is getting louder and they plan to hold demonstrations. So the relevant ministers must respond immediately to give confirmation that it is FIFA's authority to participate in the world cup"
the Palestinian ambassador spoke about the U20 Israeli national team coming to Indonesia.
*_action 203_* together with the 212 alumni fraternity rejected the arrival of the israel u20 football national team to Indonesia Monday 20 March 2023 13.00 until the end of gathering point: horse statue. field coordinator: buya husein wakorlap: ust verry k
reject the arrival of the israel u20 national team !!!
u20 world cup: opportunities for the Indonesian national team against Israel are wide open in the group phase
"Israel participates in the U20 World Cup the Palestinian ambassador finally speaks up"
"Just cancel it boss I can't see the ball isn't it sir?" but why did you find out now that there is Israel inside the U20 globe?
"reject u20 national team""israel"""
"Because you are part of the Israeli people it means that Israeli Muslims are also colonizers of Palestine. Do you dare say that is infidel Islam?
MUI should have protested to FIFA from the start because FIFA had allowed the Israeli national team to take part in the U20 World Cup qualifiers. Israel also honorably qualified for the U20 World Cup. The refusal will have an impact on the Indonesian national team if FIFA bans the PSSI from all FIFA's celebrations.
"reject the u20 national team""israel"""
I beg as a Muslim in Indonesia to the president to refuse the arrival of the U20 Israel national team at the world cup
"refuse the israel u20 national team to Indonesia !! the government said that their arrival would not reduce our support for palestine. cc :"
"There there was no intention to put up fliers/banners rejecting Israel at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia just now?"
"The polemic about the arrival of the Israeli National Team to Indonesia to perform at the U20 World Cup regarding this authority is in the hands of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs while PSSI as a committee is focused on preparing for the implementation."
"Just because those who vehemently opposed the arrival of the Israeli U-20 national team were PKS and opposition figures who have been branded kadrun some people are silent about this because they are reluctant to be branded kadrun."
Together with the 212 Alumni Brotherhood they rejected the arrival of the U20 Israel Football National Team to Indonesia...!!! Monday 20 March 2023 13.00 until finish Gathering point : horse statue
"let's understand together regarding the issue of the israel national team that will compete in the u-20 fifa world cup that the permission and refusal of the israel u-20 national team to enter indonesia is the authority of the ministry of foreign affairs not pssi it should be us"
"Yeah it's better if PSSI just quits from FIFA if Israel asks why it's participating in the U20 World Cup strange question it's magical"
u20 world cup: opportunities for the Indonesian national team against Israel are wide open in the group phase
action 203 with the 212 alumni fraternity rejects the arrival of the israel u20 football national team to indonesia monday 20 march 2023 13.00 until finish gathering point: horse statue. field coordinator: buya husein wakorlap: ust verry k
"The grandson of Israel's founder urges Jokowi to refuse the Israeli national team to appear in the U20 World Cup Miko Peled: zero tolerance for Israel and Zionism!"
"We are friendly and peace-loving open our hands and welcome the Israeli U20 National Team. Indonesia is a good host. Israel and Palestine live side by side. Prosperous Israel often helps the Palestinian people even Palestinians flock to find work in Israel and want to become citizens of the country Israel."
"rt: reject u20 national team ""israel""!!!"
"U20 Israelis introduce the culture of the archipelago hopefully they will be enlightened to lead to a peaceful world. It may not be free. Maybe 5-10 years will inspire Israeli-Palestinian peace. Those who want to fight the war of Mamarika."
"* reject the u20 national team ""israel""* colonialism is the great enemy of the Indonesian people therefore the arrival of the u-20 football national team of the colonial entity ""israel"" must be rejected and cancelled!"
israel national team u20 how is that
"reject the u-20 national team ""israel"" colonialism is the great enemy of the Indonesian people therefore the arrival of the u-20 football national team of the colonial entity ""israel"" must be rejected and canceled!"
"Reject the U-20 Israeli occupation team is the great enemy of the Indonesian people so the arrival of the U-20 football team of the colonial entity "Israel" must be rejected and cancelled!"
shalom aleichem for the israel u20 national team...peace be with them while in indonesia
"In the future don't want to host a grand event if there is a possibility that Israel will participate. Or cancel the U20 World Cup and destroy Indonesian football as well."
"rt muhammadiyah""the u-20 world cup was attended by the israel national team haedar nashir hopes that the government will be consistent with the constitutional mandate"
"The U-20 World Cup will be attended by the Israel National Team Haedar Nashir hopes that the government will be consistent with the constitutional mandate"
Come on ban the Israeli U20 National Team from coming to Indonesia when will the demonstration be?
Madrid fans are busy blocking Israel from entering Indonesia for the U20 CI World Cup
This is what needs to be corrected. Regarding the Israeli national team which will compete in the U20 World Cup it is not the territory of the chairman of the PSSI it is already the territory of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs PSSI only organizes the event and prepares the Indonesian national team
"From Oceania there are Fiji New Zealand. Europe has Italy England France Israel Slovakia. As well as Asia there are Uzbekistan Japan South Korea Iraq and of course Indonesia which automatically passes because it is the host to maintain sportsmanship U20"
And here is a list of teams that have already passed the 2023 U-20 World Cup: Indonesia (host) Dominican Republic Guatemala Honduras United States of America Fiji Islands New Zealand England France Israel Italy Slovakia Enthusiasm to maintain U20 sportsmanship
"There is no need to corner one another the Israeli national team has qualified for the You 20 World Cup and has the right to compete. If you refuse Indonesian football will be severely sanctioned by FIFA. Erick Thohir said PSSI was responsible for the success of the U20 World Cup political decisions are government affairs."
PSSI as the executor is obliged to accept all participants who pass the qualifications. Social media activists say the controversy over the presence of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia is the realm of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs...
Israeli and Brazilian teams will be present in Indonesia to join U20 and maintain U20 sportsmanship
social media activists say the controversy over the presence of the israel national team at the u20 world cup in indonesia is the realm of the ministry of foreign affairs... pssi as the executor is obliged to accept all participants who qualify...
Guntur Romli's opinion can be a middle way. Israeli teams can take part in the U20 World Cup as long as they don't carry the Israeli flag.
who has been colonized by the israel u20 national team?
"The current context is no longer rejecting or accepting Israel but how to make the 2023 U20 World Cup a forum for building a shared commitment to peace in the Middle East. This is far more important and educational."
"I agree with this news!! End the Israeli polemic at the 2023 U20 World Cup it's time to focus on peace campaigns"
"U20 sports or political events? Don't mix them up. If anti-Israel politics is brought up then don't host the World Cup not everyone in the world is Indonesia's friend. And not all countries in the world also like Indonesia."
If PKS wants to be fair and elegant it means you have the courage to reject the arrival of the United States U20 National Team in Indonesia because they also helped the Israeli occupation of Palestine.
attendance of the israel u20 football national team
post your photo as a rejection of the arrival of the israel u20 national team to Indonesia. via links
Has there been any sound yet for the Israeli U20 team??
fifa u20 world cup teams: indonesia england france israel italy slovakia dominican rep guatemala honduras usa fiji new zealand brazil uruguay colombia ecuador senegal gambia nigeria tunisia iraq uzbekistan …
"Doc I want to ask what are the chances of the Israeli team in the U20 world cup?"
"grandson of Israel's founder international spokesperson human rights activist &amp; anti-Zionist writer asked the president of the republic of Indonesia to reject the arrival of the Israel U20 national team ""There is absolutely no tolerance for Israel and Zionism. Please don't allow the Israeli national team to enter Indonesia &amp; compete"" ( 14/3/2023)"
The schedule for the U20 World Cup has been set. If the Israeli national team doesn't come it means the schedule gets messed up maybe the U20 World Cup doesn't work. Of course PSSI and our country are subject to FIFA sanctions and the world will criticize us. If that's the case whoever messes up the U20 World Cup is a terrorist..
"The 'colonizing' is the Israeli government the Israeli U20 national team football players have nothing to do with the government's political issues they came to Indonesia officially invited by FIFA because they managed to qualify for the European zone.. how come football players are considered colonialists"
the israel u20 team is one of the qualifier teams to compete in the u20 world cup. they have the right to attend and play in the u20 world cup. this is sport not politics.
"Isreal's presence at the 2023 U20 World Cup reaped rejection following the response from MUI and PSSI -"
"Haaiii pssi.....just want to say.....if the Indonesian people don't accept the Israel National Team in Indonesia then Papua is happy to accept the Israel National Team to compete in the U20 World Cup right! They came to play football not take care of Politics remember that!"
Mr. President by giving Israel permission to enter and following WC U20 means allowing Israel to continue killing.
stupid!! just try banning the israel u20 national team from going to indonesia we will bite our fingers and lose plus plus sports don't bring it into politics arab countries have made peace with israel what do we hope for i want our u20 national team to be in the same group as the israel u20 national team
reject the arrival of the israel u20 team!!!!!
u20 worldcup indonesia england france israel italy slovakia dominican rep guatemala honduras usa fiji new zealand brazil uruguay colombia ecuador senegal gambia nigeria tunisia iraq uzbekistan korea rep japan
MUI wants to hear the Minister of Foreign Affairs' explanation regarding the arrival of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup
"Refuse the U20 Israel National Team to compete in Indonesia. If the President allows it it means that he is indeed a traitor to the nation."
rejected the israel u20 national team competing in the indonesian u20 world cup
"Read 151 b carefully: the U20 World Cup is not an official state event Israel came to Indonesia not as an official invited delegation from the country of Indonesia but an invitation from FIFA. The state/government has no special agenda to officially accept Israeli teams at official state venues. "
In my opinion I really don't agree that Indonesia will win the U20 World Cup. because israel will set foot here. while we do not have diplomatic relations. Sukarno used to openly tell Indonesia to walk out against Israel for the Asia Zone World Cup. even though a little more in the group.
Wow it's a shame that the Minister of Foreign Affairs' achievements so far have been ruined because of playing it safe about Israel's presence at the U20 World Cup.
mui response to the arrival of the israel national team at the u20 world cup indonesia
rejected the israel u20 national team competing in the indonesian u20 world cup
defy israel in u20 world cup !!
mui doesn't want to rush into taking a stand regarding the arrival of the israel national team to take part in the u20 world cup. MUI will ask for an explanation from the Minister of Foreign Affairs to the Coordinating Minister for Political Legal and Security Affairs
There are no voices yet those who feel the most tolerant of Pancasila reject Israel U20
"The grandson of Israel's founder asked the President of the Republic of Indonesia community organizations and all Indonesian people not to allow the Israeli U20 football team to play in Indonesia opening their hands to Israel is a dangerous phenomenon"
"Israel is coming...don't let the u20 world cup be disbanded by the mass organization that owns the nation - the organization that claims to be the most tolerant..."
reject the israel u20 national team but sit with the twin why? do you have any money?
"2023 fifa u-20 world cup israel u-20 team rejected. 2023 fifa u-20 world cup is ready to be held in Indonesia from 20 may to 11 june 2023. there is a refusal for the israel u-20 team to play to ri. what are the reasons for refusal Israel and anyone who refuses? Come on listen!"
reject the arrival of the israel football team in the indonesia u20 cup
"The invaders out there are in the spotlight how can the invaders inside not be highlightedMui's response to the arrival of the Israeli national team at the Indonesian U20"
"Regarding the rejection of the Israeli national team in the U20 world cup this is Erick Thorhir's diplomatic answer"
the u20 world cup will be held on may 20 - june 11 2023. categorically rejects the arrival of the israel national team. How about
mui response to the arrival of the israel national team at u20 indonesia
mui response to the arrival of the israel national team at u20 indonesia
"The U20 World Cup is FIFA's celebration not PSSI. Participating countries like Israel are invited by FIFA not Indonesia. Indonesia's task is to be a good host so that it can be trusted again to host a bigger championship."
"only one sentence: ""israel national team u20 world cup refuses to come to Indonesia...!!!"""
Is 212 really a bit like that? They are anxious to surround the airport because they refuse the arrival of the U-20 Israel National Team at the U-20 World Cup. by the way Indonesia volunteered to be the host. The government definitely doesn't listen. if there is a riot be ready to be dealt with. soon the screams of the tyrannical regime are stale!!
"There has been a polemic regarding the participation of the Israeli national team in the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup according to a political observer at the University of Muhammadiyah Malang Hutri Agustino M..."
PSSI's task is to prepare the national team for the U20 and its implementation. The Israeli team's affairs and security are the task of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. the task is clear!
"Regarding the participation of the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup mui: we are waiting for the Minister of Foreign Affairs' explanation"
"robbery brawls kidnappings drugs how come you're together after all this is a terrorist?! Because Israel wants to compete in the U20 World Cup. Is it coordinated?"
"refuse the israel team in the u20 cup as simple as the israel passport doesn't sell well and can't enter indonesia. if you are considered qualified and you take part in the u20 cup just buy another country's passport like the nash daily..."
"In the midst of rejection of the Israeli National Team the National Police deployed 2716 personnel to secure the U20 World Cup - insider field"
"Sir don't allow Israel to come to Indonesia at U20 later. It will really hurt the hearts of the people of Indonesia."
"China bidding to become the host does not predict that Israel's Zionists will enter the finals at U20 in Asia Israel was ostracized by AFC members so it entered the European zone even though geographically it is in Asia"
"It's rare to see Israel qualify for the U19 Euro as long as I follow. I don't know why when they qualify they can even take part in the U20 World Cup where Indonesia is the host"
"Welcome to the Israel U20 National Team. Indonesia is a friendly and peace-loving nation. Please compete with fair play and enjoy the beauty of Indonesia's earth. The constitution mandates maintaining world peace. The ball carries that vision and mission."
"Israel and the Dominican Republic are debutants at the U20 World Cup. The two teams will start the tournament in Indonesia in May-June 2023. Look forward to the 2023 U20 World Cup from May 20-June 11 live on the video app!"
Indonesia was appointed by FIFA to host the U20 World Cup. football law expert ( ) : israel has the right to play
"true or unifying the nation but especially for the Israeli u20 team bilateral relations & the history of Indonesia &amp; Palestine must be kept united"
Israel was strongly refused to participate in the 2023 U-20 World Cup. The general chairman of PSSI said that his party would continue to carry out their duties in preparing technical matters for the success of the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. regarding political decisions is the authority of the government.
bro.. can we discuss the readiness of the U20 world cup and the controversy over the Israeli national team playing in the country.
"How about the Israel U20 team is it crowded or not?"
here is the distribution of pots for the u20 world cup Indonesia 2023. Indonesia and Iraq may not get in the same group as Israel for reasons of diplomatic relations so who do you want Indonesia to be with? by the way reminding again that this tournament will take place on 20 may-11 june 2023
"Regarding the resistance to the participation of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia by several elements the general chairman of PSSI emphasized that the organization he leads is focused on preparing the Indonesian national team not on politics."
This sense of pride instantly vanished if Israel was allowed to take part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia... are you sure you will accept Israel in Indonesia? The Indonesian people will be very proud if Pak Jokowi follows Bung Karno's firm stance
The arrival of the Israeli team will definitely be used by the Kadrun to attack the government with misleading narratives. Wait for the game date let's watch the actions of the cadets ahead of the U20 World Cup.
"Regarding the rejection of the Israeli national team in the U20 world cup this is Erick Thorhir's diplomatic answer"
you also cursed the chairman of the mui who forbade Israelis from participating in the u20 world cup too even though he is a member of the big board of nadlotul ulama 100 ℅ nu citizens
"There is a suggestion that Israel is refused to come. I who is politically ignorant but likes football just agree that the Israeli U20 team will come to compete. This is a sports party not a political matter. If it is related to politics and Israel it must be rejected so don't be the host. It's okay please. difference of opinion."
Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup is its participation right because Israel is a country that has passed the qualifying allowance... and that has been determined by FIFA... sports affairs must be distinguished from political affairs....
"Sir emphasized that PSSI is only focused on preparing the national team and organizing the U20 World Cup... related to securing the Israeli national team that is the authority of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs..."
reject team
"Rejection by the Israeli national team: PSSI focuses on hosting the FIFA World Cup U20 2023 the government prepares a number of routes"
"Regardless of the reasons Israel has de facto qualified for the U20 World Cup what do you want do you want to demo sono"
rejection of Israel's participation in the 2023 u20 world cup which will take place in Indonesia is increasingly widespread.
"It's true Pak PSSI only has the authority to prepare for the U20 World Cup to ban Israel is not PSSI's authority."
PSSI focuses on the success of organizing the U20 World Cup... the matter of the Israel National Team is handed over to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
not Indonesia who invited the israel national team to compete in the u20 world cup. they escaped thanks to their fair struggle. so refusing them on the grounds of tolerance for Palestine is a farce that is not funny and is outside the authority of the PSSI. erick thorhir
"Indonesia must guarantee safety when the Israeli national team plays in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
"There's been a lot of refusal by the Israeli national team to come to Indonesia as a participant in the U20 World Cup those who refused have never been to the Alaqsa mosque if they have been in contact with the Israeli side right?
The movement against the Israel U20 national team Israel competing in the U20 World Cup is currently lively. this is just a junior. what if Indonesia could actually host the world cup and Israel happened to qualify. rejected too?? this original is great. It's better if Indonesia doesn't have to host the world event.
"Pros and cons of Israel at the U-20 World Cup what should Muslim countries do? Israel's presence at the U20 WC reaps pros and cons. Moreover the host for the big agenda is Indonesia which incidentally is the country with the largest Muslim population in the world."
what about the presence of the israel u20 national team which was refused to play in beloved indonesia?
Can't wait for news when FIFA will cross Israel from the U20 World Cup
"Israel can play in the U20 world cup through qualifying not through the invitation route it's just because there are no diplomatic relations and there are also political and religious sentiments so the seeds of world football from Israel failed to play... your logic play"
"The Israel U20 National Team will be well received by Indonesia that is what is illustrated by the statement by the general chairman of PSSI Erick Thorhir regarding the planned arrival of the U20 World Cup participants which will be held starting in May 2023. Doesn't Indonesia have no relationship"
Can the Israel U20 football team play in Indonesia at the U20 World Cup?
the israel u20 team is one of the qualifier teams to compete in the u20 world cup. this is sport not politics.
"Yeah right I said that too wong has already qualified why was he rejected. If FIFA is fair and consistent then Israel must also be consulted for the sake of national political stability during the U20 World Cup"
The nationalist government that supposedly (claims to be) the successor to Bung Karno's struggle will still accept Israel's U20 match held in Indonesia? how can this be sir
"That's a group that rejects the Israeli U20 team it's better to create their own football championship specifically for them. Organized by themselves players coaches and official teams themselves watch alone and make a fuss about themselves don't disturb the sane and normal official championship."
"If there are groups that interfere they are the destroyers of Indonesia's good as well as the destroyers of our football. As hosts of the U20 World Cup according to the contract with FIFA we are obliged to guarantee the safety of the participants including Israel."
mature and smarter in giving comments. the israel u20 team is one of the qualifier teams to compete in the u20 world cup. this is sport not politics.
"Indonesia asked FIFA to drop Israel from joining the U20 Cup just like FIFA dropping Russia from joining the Olympics and the World Cup to be fair..."
"Refused the Israeli contingent to take part in the U20 Cup in Indonesia... as a sovereign nation Indonesia rejects the Israeli colonizers to Indonesia's homeland... Russia was also refused to participate in the Olympics the World Cup due to the war against Ukraine"
"If Indonesia rejects Israel it means that the U20 World Cup is canceled in Indonesia and Indonesia cannot take part in the U20 World Cup. Because at U20 we are taking part in Pildun that's because we are the host. Even though the news about Indonesia being the host has been from last year why is the fuss now? "
"Regarding Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup I believe that in time there will be no big rejections because he knows exactly what to do &amp; who he has to meet so that the U20 World Cup runs smoothly &amp; successfully."
"If only Bung Karno was still around maybe Israel would be banned from this U20 world cup" "long live Bung Karno"""
"Is the Israel National Team going to the U20 Pildum to protest or not the most tolerant the most Pancasila their behavior makes me nauseous"
"It's really difficult for Israel... from the start I've been thinking ah why does it have to fit Indonesia perfectly to host the U20 World Cup... so it's complicated it's not as simple as ""sports can't be mixed with geopolitical affairs"" wow.."
world cup 2022 in qatar the issue raised by the german team's rejection of rejecting lgbt...and qatar being successful for the world to see... indonesia hosting the world cup u20 with the issue of rejecting israel?...good luck to indonesia as well as the world sees.... steady
accepting the israel team to come and play for the u20 world cup is not just a sport but a diplomacy of recognition that indonesia recognizes israel
"Ministry of Foreign Affairs: Israel participates in the U-20 World Cup Indonesia's support for Palestine has not changed"
hidayat nur wahid rejected the israel u20 national team coming to Indonesia: colonial country!
Indonesia rejecting the Israeli team means Indonesia refuses to host U20. Israel won U20 tickets from non-appointment competitions.
"I agree with Pekees Indonesia must refuse Israel to play football in Indonesia in the U20 World Cup because Indonesia is already committed unless it is not committed. Never mind the national team it's better to be banned by FIFA than allowing Israel to Indonesia"
Erick Thorhir explains why Indonesia cannot reject Israel at the 2023 U20 World Cup
"If it wasn't for qualifying for the U20 World Cup maybe Israel is unclean when it comes to Indonesia seeing the migrant workers but pretending to be masters in this country gosh"
only fools insist on rejecting israel in the u20 world cup later.
if it wasn't for the u20 world cup with an israel passport also wouldn't be able to enter indonesia hehe
that's really stupid that's what made that statement right Israel took the uefa quota not the afc so you have the right to play in the U20 world cup
"I want the National Team to appear in the U20 World Cup but many want it. It's like we're already ranked 10th in the world. We don't host it it's not a loss for FIFA. Now which one do you choose? Do you want to host the national team in the final or don't have to be the host? it's important that the israel national team doesn't play? just choose."
"Yeah that's the case at the Asian Games right? The penalty for not being able to take part in the Israeli Olympics now is that you want to take part in the U20 World Cup not an Olympic-derived event"
"It's Israel's case that the U20 World Cup will soon be held not the Olympics it's a different 'world' the Asian Games are obviously still derivative of the Olympics isn't the World Cup"
errata we apologize for mentioning why psi in our previous post. There was an error in the news citation process. actually psi has not made any statement regarding israel and the u20 world cup.
it is impossible for the government to dare to be firm against Israel. various reasons will be given in order to host the Israeli u20 national team.
PKS rejects Israel's participation in the U20 but does not reject congregational beef
Fadli Zon and friends are not responsible if the U20 World Cup is canceled in Indonesia because they reject the Israeli football team.....
"And thank God FIFA will replace host Rumsh at U20 if you dare to ban Israel from participating and as a result Indonesia will not appear because it did not qualify it's up to you which one you choose"
"I agree 1000% that Israel is an occupier. The proof is that Israel is just about to come to Indonesia to take part in the U20 World Cup the mustaches of the mussels are starting to fall out one by one. Don't let the Israeli team come to Indonesia it can shave off the mustaches of the mussels right? ."
"Now 212 are still shouting about the boycott of the U20 football team from Israel but why are they silent?"
"Why are you so stupid? The Israeli flag is flying because of what? If you feel great try lobbying FIFA first so that Israel is crossed out of the U20 World Cup. Just chop you up !!!"
Israel's presence cannot be denied which can not host the U20 World Cup
"Your narrative has stretched far and FIFA's decision should be the same as supporting the Israeli national team in the U20 World Cup as the decision on Russia not in boycotts don't turn to other things"
"It is not impossible that until the start of the U20 World Cup on 20 May 2023 – 11 June 2023 the escalation of rejection of Israel will become more massive. Friends also need to remember 2024 is the year of politics and the commodity "Israel" in the U20 World Cup can be utilized by the party anywhere."
"I hope Israel will win the U20 world cup so they will be even hotter"
Meanwhile in Indonesia there are still problems with Israel's arrival at FWC U20... hhh
wkkwkwkw zonk can't resist when an Israeli parliament member comes back. especially if you want to reject the team in u20 israel.
viral in the world! Foreign media admits Israel's refusal to shock the U20 World Cup - Next Sport
israel qualified in the u20 the decision of fifa and ind as the host in the u20 cannot appeal. don't get mixed up with ind's policy of supporting palestine thdp event at u20. The success or failure of the maintenance at u20 will determine the future of ind in the soccer match branch.
I wonder how Iran and Iraq will respond if they really qualify for the U20 World Cup because they have a policy of not wanting to compete with Israel in sports competitions
"It's better to reject the U20 World Cup from Indonesia let FIFA look for another country if you accept it as a host it must also be with the participants ... Israel"
If we accept the Israel U20 National Team our country will not be sovereign right??? stupid is free please monopolize all... but don't forget...!!! make sure all the cadrun pepok get their share..
"And strangely the refusal only appeared after a few months until the event started if you wanted to refuse from the start when Israel passed the U20 World Cup the rejection was loud."
"Appointed as the host Indonesia clearly cannot choose who will come to compete in the FIFA U20 World Cup. Israel has clearly become the official representative of UEFA for this event."
"If you want to make a fuss not now why not before when Indonesia accepted FIFA's offer to host the u20 because everyone knows that there is an Israeli team that will participate. Well... Kadrun really has a brain."
"There are already examples where Israel uses sports diplomacy to show a different face. It's true we can put the presence of the Israeli U20 national team together with the situation of Lionel Messi and PSG appearing in the Trophy des Champions match in Tel Aviv or starting…"
he... asu. What does Papua have to do with refusing the Israeli football team to compete in the U20 World Cup?
"If you don't know about football you don't have to talk about football you know why Israel is in the U20 cup? Answer this first... don't just talk."
"Even though the information that Israel is participating in the U20 World Cup is already from last year the ramen is now only 2 months away. This is deliberately crowded so that it doesn't continue to be seen as a failure"
"U20 world cup reject Israel's presence in Indonesia through"
it's fifa business. Our obligation is to accept U20 World Cup participants according to FIFA's decision. if you really know Israel is participating in the U20 world cup and don't want to accept them. don't propose to be a host. finish?
"It's actually simple just ask Indonesia to cancel being the host of the U20 World Cup that's how complicated it is...surely the Israeli U20s won't be here...greetings are healthy..."
"Those who criticize that too no one cares unless Israel really rejects well it's okay to just cancel the toilet the federation is fined because the event has been canceled &amp; definitely has to find a new schedule plus the government is at a loss to pay fines &amp; trophy preparation expenses the u20 world is not yet frantic on tires"
Fate is sometimes like that. never passed the u20 wc once passed Indonesia host plus Indonesia should have hosted in 2021 but was canceled because of covid and in the end still the host for 2023. in 2021 Israel did not qualify
Eric's ex. sports well sports not politics.. because if Israel is banned from appearing in the U20 World Cup.. then the implementation in Indonesia will be moved to another country.. Indonesia will bite its fingers later..
"the israel u20 team who do not know anything about politics mui and kadrun are torn apart as if they are about to be swallowed whole. it is the turn of america sowan to anis &amp; pks ​​all are happy like a windfall. hypocrites don't be exaggerated shame on you..!!! it's actually America your boss is the culprit Drun..."
"if other events such as motogp with Israeli participants basketball with Israeli participants volleyball with Israeli participants Olympic participants with Israeli participants who passed the qualification are also banned then Indonesia does not have to submit itself as the host. If the U20 World Cup is withdrawn or if Israel is banned it will be okay."
"This has been a question from the start Israel passed and entered the U20 World Cup how about later in Indo the most extreme is if you keep coming team buses or inns can be attacked fellow Indonesians from different clubs are attacked especially Israel .cc:"
You can tell that in this U20 world cup Indonesia will not compete against the Israeli national team
Habib Rizieq's camp urges FIFA to cross out Israel from the U20 World Cup Indonesia
agree to reject israel at u20. let all PSSI be removed from FIFA.
"world cup u20: national team plays indonesia consistently supports"
absent first who is ready to welcome the arrival of the israel u20 national team in a friendly way?
against the israel football team in the world cup u20 match playing in indonesia
"U20 World Cup: Israel National Team & Shadows of Past Threats. There are many rejections regarding the arrival of the Israel National Team to Indonesia in the framework of the U20 World Cup causing pros cons &amp; neutrality as football fans in Indonesian society. So how should:"
"Israel can play in the U20 World Cup...and is accepted by the world football organization. If Indonesia doesn't want Israel to come it's easy...the players from Indonesia don't just join the U20...it's all right. After all have you ever won we are on a world level??
"There are only 2 choices reject the Israeli national team but withdraw from being the host of the U20 World Cup or continue to be the host but are forced to accept the Israeli national team.."
I wonder why you are rejecting Israel only now. why not from the beginning before deciding the host of the world cup it must have been told by fifa which country will participate in the u20 world cup why is it that it is almost the day of the day for many who refuse
Refuse the Israel U20 national team to come to Indonesia
only a few participated in the u20 euro yesterday. so I suspect there is potential for match fixing so that Israel can qualify and play in Indonesia
sir are you bothered by the presence of the israel u20 national team which will compete in indonesia in the u20 world cup event..?? just asking..
Habib Rizieq's camp urges FIFA to cross out Israel from the U20 World Cup Indonesia
the attitude and statement of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is correct... it's you who are strange. If you want to focus on the U20 event just upload a photo of the Israeli team. Haven't you read the news about dozens of Indonesian students studying agriculture in Israel? so not all agree with your shallow logic. basic cadrun..
"Israel's qualification for the U20 world cup seems beyond expectations. I just looked at the history of their U19 team. It turns out that this is the first time they have also qualified for the world cup and that's in Indonesia. A dilemma situation.."
"Indonesia was set to host the FIFA World Cup U20 too long before Israel qualified it's okay as a host to reject those who have already qualified it just so happens that Israel"
"the israel national team participates in the u20 world cup in Indonesia this is the attitude of the Indonesian government"
"Min if it's Palestinian affairs not only Ibhrs but all Muslims who understand Palestine's services will support the independence of the Palestinian land and hope that the government understands this by boycotting Israel at U20. Officials should understand the spirit of opening UUD45"
"obviously the israel u20 football team came because they did qualify for the u20 world cup not because of an invitation wow! so be fair when we suddenly ban them from participating in the u20 world cup isn't it strange!"
"It's very clear that the Indonesian government especially the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will definitely defend and always support Palestine but the funny thing is that there are netizens who say that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs doesn't support Palestine because the Israeli U20 football team came to Indonesia"
"Well you are smart that's why I suggest that the Israel National Team be in Bali because I as a Balinese are welcome. However there are still limitations namely only the National Team + official are allowed to enter. And in Bali while participating in the U20 World Cup competition. "
"If Indonesia refuses it's okay. We are welcome in Bali with the condition that only the Israel National Team & officials are allowed to enter other Israeli citizens are still prohibited from entering. This also applies as long as they compete in the U20 World Cup. politics religion  sport is different.”
"If I want to show my certificate I'll be ashamed of myself. I'll ask you why is the Israeli national team banned from playing in the U20 WC?"
"mui and all Islamic organizations as well as the peace-loving elements of the nation strongly reject the arrival of the Israeli colonial team in the u20 world cup that will be held in Indonesia."
Don't if you host the World Cup later if Israel passes it's complicated to ask to be rejected too... this is hosting the U20 World Cup even juniors are already complicated.
"Then because Israel is boycotted then Indonesia is boycotted too from the U20 World Cup. What about the World Cup venue where Indonesia is good at bringing in a lot of foreign exchange so moving to another country. Do you want to be responsible?"
"* during the anies event at JIS there was an Israeli flag flying why was it silent. * When the Israeli national team wanted to take part in the U20 event why did it become noisy. Why did the mui have different opinions? kadrun."
"Well Israel has passed the U20 World Cup in a fair manner competed fairly it's been a decision from FIFA. If that's the case Indonesia should just step down as the host so it's fair"
"This is a dilemma for Indonesia banning Israel from participating in the U20 World Cup is the same as canceling Indonesia's host status at the event it all depends on FIFA"
"Received news that there has been strong criticism and rejection from PKS PSI and FPI for Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia still hoping that there will be an official rejection from MUI Muhammadiyah and NU"
"So this is not a bilateral relationship between Indonesia and Israel but Indonesia's relationship with FIFA as the organization of the U20 World Cup and Israel passed through the qualification route determined by FIFA."
The Israeli national team has qualified for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia this May. the participation of the israel national team certainly reaps rejection from the community.
"U20 World Cup: Wow Indonesia can be penalized if it bans the Israeli national team from appearing"
"If Israel can take part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia Russia should also be able to. Football is indeed interesting for world political trade but this has just happened at the U20 World Cup."
reject the israel u20 football team playing in indonesia! because israel is the occupier of palestine!
"Muik kang illegitimate busy taking care of the Israel U20 national team. How can you want to open your voice in such an embarrassing case..."
pks israel boycott at u20 world cup 2023: colonialism in the world must be abolished
"I don't like Israel either but I have to remember before hosting the U20 World Cup Indonesia was already aware of the risks of issues like this so if the Zionist country doesn't want to participate in the World Cup Indonesia shouldn't have registered to host the World Cup. u20 long ago..."
"Because of the participation of the Israeli U20 soccer national team that has qualified for the soccer world championships that are being held etc. that is the hope of religious intolerant radical and extremists. The momentum of the Republic of Indonesia should be to establish diplomatic relations with Israel not to take sides/non-alignment with Palestine"
Indonesia should have complained or raised an objection to FIFA about Israel being able to play in the U20 World Cup because Russia alone can be kicked out by FIFA because of Russia's invasion of Ukraine
"min don't forget the problem of Israel going to the u20 world cup okay don't lose focus"
"Now explain that this is the authority of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to give permission to enter the Israeli National Team to participate in the U20 World Cup PSSI is only the organizer. Indonesia supports &amp; is brother and sister to Palestine but instead gave Israel permission to compete here chuuaks"
"This is the FIFA event not Indonesia and if Israel is refused Indonesia could cancel as host at the U20 and will be replaced by another country and the national team will not appear at the U20... just choose"
To be honest we only need an explanation for the arrival of the Israeli national team to Indonesia for the U20 World Cup so that it doesn't become news that is unpleasant to see or hear. please don't break your own rules!!
The local governments have also confirmed that they will not reject Israel which has passed the U20 World Cup yet?
"The arrival of the Israeli national team at the U20 World Cup drew a lot of attention. Many people also rejected the Israeli national team's arrival for various reasons even though conflicts between countries should not be related to sports."
The question is should Indonesia reject the arrival of the Israeli national team but must carry out the sanctions imposed by FIFA or continue holding the U20 World Cup but be boycotted by the Indonesian Muslim community?
"Are you not afraid to be at high risk for the U20 World Cup because Israel is allowed you should think that there are still hardline people here"
"It would be crazy if Indonesia as the host did not allow Israel to enter Indo which was Indonesia which was crossed out of the U20 World Cup and banned again.."
If Israel is boycotted Yes just cancel Indonesia to host WC U20. moved hosts and finally Indonesia didn't appear on WC U20.
Fully support Palestine by giving Israel permission to attend the U20 World Cup soccer match.
"hah how come the israel national team can qualify for the u20 world cup how come it's breaking the rules huh"
It's true that Israel has only been discriminated against from the U20 World Cup. not hard
pks and fpi rejected the arrival of the israel national team at the 2023 u20 world cup which took place in indonesia.
the foreign minister explained to the public that permission for the israel national team to qualify for the u20 world cup should not exist
the foreign minister should have spoken. because so that information is clearer about the permits for the Israeli U20 National Team to enter Indonesia
"How come the Ministry of Foreign Affairs can give permission for the Israeli national team to qualify for the U20 World Cup doesn't that mean the Foreign Ministry violated its own rules?"
Too bad Israel has already passed the U20 World Cup but the Foreign Minister made a blunder like this
"That's right the Minister of Foreign Affairs must explain to the public about the permits from the Israeli national team which passed the U20 World Cup. So if the news is good it won't become fried material for lambes with political interests."
Come on Minister of Foreign Affairs better explain to the public about the Israeli national team's permission to qualify for the U20 World Cup
"You don't allow U20 Israel to Indonesia Indonesia cancels hosting and it will be sanctioned to disappear from internet football aka banned as long as possible. Football doesn't rank with politics. Don't pretend to be great!"
I hope that the Minister of Foreign Affairs can immediately give an official statement regarding the permit for the Israeli national team to qualify for the U20 World Cup
"Waiting for an explanation don't wait for the Minister of Foreign Affairs to explain to the public regarding the permits for the Israeli National Team to qualify for the U20 World Cup"
"The Israel U20 National Team wants to go to Indonesia to take part in the U20 World Cup tournament and many are against it. These kids just want to play football you don't want to attack the nation don't overdo it with mass organizations. If you don't want him to come here don't ask the host."
a statement from PKS and FPI rejecting the presence of the Israeli national team which will compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. follow
So this is how good it is when Israel rejects even though Israel has qualified for U20. Where is the responsibility Minister of Foreign Affairs?
"Why can Israel play in the U20 IDN World Cup as long as the Israeli jersey has the halal mui logo on it.."
"The problem is that those who proposed to host the U20 World Cup have problems with Israel participating? It's only the mass organizations & political parties that are the problem the reality of Indonesia is really don't you always have opinions that don't match the facts don't find out first"
"By the way those who submitted for the U20 World Cup were PSSI and the government has approved them so PSSI/the government doesn't have a problem with anyone joining Erick Thorhir. Why"
"yes protest to fifa this is Israel's pegimane that can take part in pildun. in fact fifa has been rejected since israel has been refused access to asia instead looking for a solution finally israel moved to europe and now can join the u20 world cup"
"Israel is a team participating in the U20 World Cup even though it is held wherever it is held because it has passed the qualifications while Indonesia is a participant because it is the host. So wherever PD-U20 is held Israel is still a participant if Indonesia is just watching it"
"protest to fifa they qualified and the right to refuse the israel national team competing in the u20 world cup is fifa not the host"
hopefully indonesia u20 and israel u20 can have a pool so that we know who is better at handling the ball and the audience is guaranteed to be blown away.
"If Israel is rejected then the Indonesian national team will also fail to appear in the U20 World Cup because Israel is superior because it passed the qualification for the U20 World Cup while Indonesia participates only because as the host this is FIFA's work not PSSI / Indonesia's work."
"Convoluted even though the problem is that Indonesia as the host of the U20 World Cup cannot refuse Israel who has qualified if you refuse it means fighting FIFA if that happens the U20 World Cup will be disbanded isn't it stupid to hit the sky?"
a statement from PKS and FPI rejecting the presence of the Israeli national team which will compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
"Don't let there be hashtags because of this. My suggestion is that the Minister of Foreign Affairs explain to the public regarding the Israeli national team's permission to qualify for the U20 World Cup that's his domain so that the barbarians don't become fried material for the barbarians for their political interests."
bib a little bit more right the u20 world cup in our country.. what do you think about the country of israel who came here because they qualified to take part in the u20 world cup?
sir the middle ground for mui's rejection of the israel u20 national team is the match field if a group with israel is placed on the island of bali. We have to be good organizers and hosts so we don't get sanctions from FIFA
In my opinion the Israeli U20 team will be the target of terror attacks from Indonesian radicals. because of that it is certain that the israel u20 team will be closely guarded and bring your security.
"What do you think brother we have to reject Israel even though Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup to represent the European zone?"
"refusing or preventing the israel football team from competing in the u20 world cup match PSSI will be heavily penalized by FIFA !!! don't mix football with politics & religion !!!"
definitely means the israel football national team must be present to take part in the u20 world cup because we always take the opposite pks....
accepting the israel team to come and play for the u20 world cup is not just a sport but diplomacy acknowledging that indonesia recognizes israel ~ the way of thinking
"hey that israel qualified for the u20 world cup so they deserve to appear."
"How much do you care about Palestine?! The Israel National Team will compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia some refuse and some don't refuse... wave test netizen friends... refuse retweets don't refuse likes please comment where you are welcome"
"Indonesia follows FIFA rules because this is purely a sport if you don't want to accept Israel then disband the U20 World Cup in Indonesia this is an idiot calling the sky"
"If you don't want to accept a team that passes the selection it means you don't meet the requirements as a host. U20 is about sports about football. The Israeli-Palestinian issue is about politics and that's only busy in Indonesia. And that's only for the sake of politics for a moment isn't it really defend palestine. greetings sane"
pks should ask the qualifying participants at the u20 eurozone why they lost to israel and advanced as contestants at u20 in nkri.. double capital to become a respectable board member..
goal! Al Feiha in Saudi Arabia Pro League Al Shabab 3-2 Al Feiha Goal! santos u20 in brazil brazilian u20 athletico-pr u20 1-1 santos u20 goal! Kiryat Gat W In Israel Women's League Hapoel Petach Tikva W 0-1 Kiryat Gat W
it's time to reject the israel national team in the indonesian u20 world cup
cardinal basis. His brain is this narrow what does Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup have to do with the freedom of Palestine? Domestic affairs are not in order instead they are taking care of other people's countries. you kadrun people who are too fanatical in religion so that it blinds the heart.
pks rejects israel national team u20
"The government guarantees the security of all participating teams in the 2023 U-20 World Cup including Israel and provides full support for the 2023 U-20 World Cup. PSSI focuses on organizing and preparing the national team. Political affairs are the domain of the government"
If Israel plays at the U20 World Cup Indonesia and then plays its national anthem it's the same as acknowledging its sovereignty isn't it? seriously ask
the tournament is going to be held there then the loose changers realize and their blood vibrates and flutters. In the case that Israel has been confirmed to enter the U20 World Cup final since June 2022. At that time a demonstration was being ordered to overthrow the president.
"Israel passed through the qualifying round meaning that Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup was not invited. Rejecting Israel means refusing to host the U20 World Cup finals. PSSI cannot regulate who must qualify"
the israel u20 national team will come to play in the u20 world cup in indonesia. let's see the reaction of the Indonesian people looking at them
sono loe demo volumes looking for daily packs of rice so Israel doesn't join u20.
"PKS party refuses Israel to play in Indonesia Indonesia to host the 2023 U20 World Cup."
"Mui gather Islamic organizations discuss the presence of the Israeli National Team in the U20 World Cup"
"The U20 World Cup is FIFA's celebration not PSSI. Participating countries like Israel determine FIFA not Indonesia. Indonesia's task is to be a good host so that it can be trusted again to host a bigger championship."
when Mr. Anies gave a speech at the JIS during the 2022 Easter torch and there was an Israeli flag how come I couldn't find sound news. or maybe I'm the one who lacks updated info huh? this is a u20 sports moment even though it is clear that Israel's participation is due to qualifying. it's fifa business.
"Sir if you as a Muslim have humanity don't love terrorists the invaders of the Israel U20 National Team will be cursed to enter this country..."
Israel took part in the U20 World Cup because it passed the qualification match organized by FIFA not because we were invited. so we should not arbitrarily reject participants who have passed to participate. This is a different story with Bung Karno refusing to fight Israel
"erick thohir news| Israel's rejection of the u20 world cup Erick thohir: we accept all participants if not... rise together|"
"the minister of youth and sports Zainudin Amali ensures that the government fully supports the participation of the U20 Israel National Team in the 2023 U20 World Cup. kpj"
"Mui gather Islamic organizations discuss the arrival of the Israeli National Team at the U20 World Cup"
"Mui gather Islamic organizations discuss the arrival of the Israeli National Team at the U20 World Cup"
"The U20 World Cup is FIFA's celebration not PSSI. Participating countries like Israel are invited by FIFA not Indonesia. Indonesia's task is to be a good host so that it can be trusted again to host a bigger championship."
"If the Republic of Indonesia is consistently anti-colonial it should reject Israel in the U20 World Cup."
You and also sir must think about the commitment of this nation to colonialism. allowing the israel national team to participate in the u20 world cup is tantamount to acknowledging israel's atrocities against palestine. Indonesia must refuse. prove we are a sovereign country.
"Regarding Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup PSSI chairman Erick Thohir said that it was the government's domain that PSSI only focused on organizing and preparing the U20 national team."
"Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup Erick Thor: We accept all participants if you don't want to be tarnished"
"Stupid statement...!!!..the Israeli U20 national team came not because of an invitation or the government but because it passed the qualifications..and it was known from here...how come it's only now koar2...this is a sport bro...and fifa have rules..if you don't want to..just leave fifa"
"Mui gather Islamic organizations discuss the arrival of the Israeli National Team at the U20 World Cup"
Israel National Team U20 wants to play in Indonesia the supporters are Mencak Mencak. are you healthy?
I should have rejected the candidacy to host the U20 World Cup from the start...because Israel took part in the qualifications there...and already knew they had passed yesterday...as well as Indonesia doesn't have to take part in all the international sporting events where Israel is there...play for just happy in the country
There is only one way to reject the Israeli national team. namely resigning from hosting the u20 world cup. other than that you can't...
"It's best not to worry about the election yet. Here is the noblest and most gracious job namely guarding the Israeli national team so that they can raise their flag and sing the national anthem at a fixed price during the U20 world cup. This is the noblest and most gracious job for Nu."
"How come the Israeli football team can participate in the U20 cup do Israel and Indonesia already have diplomatic relations?"
Mahfud about Israel participating in U20 in Indonesia: Prepare all routes
the risk of FIFA sanctions awaits if you are determined to reject Israel. they can play in wc u20 not given but they qualify for the euro zone.
"Israel's rejection of the U20 World Cup Erick Thor: We accept all participants if you don't want to be tarnished"
"If Israel is banned from participating surely the FIFA World Cup U20 will be canceled in Indonesia and the Indonesian team will not appear as a participant because Indonesia can participate because it is the host not the team that passed the selection..."
"Responding to this the Minister of Youth and Sports Zainudin Amali stated that the government provided full support for organizing the U-20 World Cup including resolving the polemic over the arrival of Israel's U-20 to Indonesia."
people who denounce Russia for war crimes &amp; in favor of Russia being boycotted on the athletic stage and then condemning the people who boycotted Israel in the U20 WC. hopefully not the same person..
"israeli u20 kids only play football nothing else."
"1000% agree that Israel will be allowed to play on U20...well goodbye Erick T goodbye PSSI !!!"
"Sports shouldn't be mixed up with politics if you want to protest to FIFA there which allows Israel to take part in the U20 event. I want to gain popularity but in a curvy way. Refuse PKS"
"Occupied countries killers like Israel must be rejected by the Indonesian government sir participating in the U20 World Cup. Russia was banned because of the war with Ukraine. Why don't we do this in Israel. Where is our humanity sir?"
"Netizens: Only the PKS faction dares to reject Israel in the Indonesian U20 World Cup where are the others??? | Islamic Portal"
"Netizens: Only the PKS faction dares to reject Israel at the Indonesian U20 World Cup where are the others???"
"Indonesia accepts to meet against Israel in the U20 World Cup to expand its political agenda that's what it's called!!!... Jhon Sitorus is a fool but pretends to be smart stupid people can do enormous damage"
I just want to ask if these U20 youth are part of the Israeli state which we must also oppose? are they also part of the people who massacred brothers in Palestine?
why are these people...the way of thinking is always narrow...don't equate politics with football...if you want to reject the israel national team being present in Indonesia why did you propose to host the pildun-u20??? the idea of ​​this person is always zonk! !!!
israel qualified for the u20 world cup by defeating their opponents they deserve to come to indonesia
"FPI GNPF scholars to what extent 212 condemn the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team in Indonesia: cursed Zionists"
"hahhhhh... fifa will never rule Indonesia except after the u20 world cup. there are Israeli jewish interests there..."
"This is not a matter of religion this is a matter of humanity sir Indonesia must refuse Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup. Because Israel is an colonial nation and is fighting Palestinians. If the conscience of this nation is not there the Israeli team is even welcomed. Disgraceful."
This allegedly happened because there was a refusal on the Israeli U20 national team to come to Indonesia to compete. this logic must be wrong..... enjoy these beautiful days.
welcome to israel u20 national team
israel u20 there are those who refuse hihihi to my friends you know turkey
"This is what Israel has done to the people of Gaza. Since 1948 you know! You want to think of the Israel National Team as a friend???? Only football? It's not good to refuse because it's registered in the U20 World Cup? Hey just FIFA yesterday dared to cross out Russia you know in the World Cup you know."
Really who thinks Israel U20 came to Indonesia to rape your mother?? Strange
"Father you only talk about Israel don't talk about the allies? America you know is in the U20 World Cup... why is Israel only talking about... what are you afraid of when you talk about America... how bad are the issues? how do you make a narrative like this...."
what does it have to do with balbalan sir...balbalan is the rule of something fifa...israel u20 qualified for the world cup and has the right to come...and coincidentally we are the host..inican pssi and fifa wishes..don't use salt..if it is legal the president of israel must reject me too sir...
who invited drun..??? it is true that israel qualified for the u20 world cup long before he was elected... koplak... this is football.. what are the rules.. if you don't follow the rules.. that's it.. just leave fifa ..don't put salt in everything...
"The Netherlands England Japan have banged bang bang bang your ancestors when they were colonized you don't hate it but israel u20 only comes to play football you chatter. you think the world cup is the same as league one and two huh... damn..."
"So is it true that the U20 World Cup football event or inviting war? Indeed Indonesia is not a politician not myself. Cut everything. It's not important to take care of people who refuse Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup"
"I want to comment that I'm afraid of sin. One: Israel is an occupier of Zionism who is cunning naudzubillah above the average human standard cruel cunning sadistic cursed by Allah. Second we will overdo the World Cup U20 2023. If anyone refuses demo please apparatus don't be repressive it's a right. confused oy"
I'm not a Zionist henchman or a paid buzzer but I offer another point of view: comparing Russia with Israel on the political-sport line is clearly different why? why is russia under the top ban why is fifa and not the host qatar and israel entering the u20 world cup late-
"The problem of Russia being sanctioned by FIFA is a matter for FIFA itself for the U20 World Cup itself Indonesia used to propose itself as the host which means that one of the consequences is to accept every FIFA member who has qualified one of which is Israel"
As a consequence Indonesia can cancel being the host of the U20 World Cup so Indonesia has failed to take part in the U20 World Cup. Indonesia can also be banned from international sports as happened when Bung Karno refused the participation of Israel and Taiwan in the 1962 Asian Games.
"Ckckckk don't reject Israel why didn't Indonesia refuse to host the U20 World Cup from the start the risk of being a host must be prepared to accept all competing guests after all Israel passed already last year"
"Unless we can lobby FIFA to knock Israel out of the U20 world cup just like FIFA cut Russia out of the last world cup."
your answer is smart. FIFA banned Russia from participating in Pildun. So the story is different from the U20 World Cup. who bans israel u20 from joining? pssi? fifa? no right.
"There is still a lot of talk about the Israeli national team's rejection of the U20 World Cup what do you think..."
russia refused to participate in the 2022 world cup in qatar why israel allowed &amp; Guaranteed safety during the U20 World Cup in Indonesia??? Has Indonesia weakened against the Zionists???
"israel qualified for u20 world cup qualification path"
"Yes the problem is that we are Indonesia the host for the U20 World Cup the participants... who qualified who passed we can't refuse bosses like that if it wasn't for sports the Israeli passport couldn't enter Indonesia"
Why is Israel's U20 team definitely Arab? the Jews are more interested in business.
"FPI GNPF scholars to what extent 212 condemn the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team in Indonesia: cursed Zionists"
"For why does humanity have to be Indonesia freezing Israel's participation in the U20 World Cup. Russia was banned by FIFA not participating in the World Cup because of the Ukrainian invasion why don't we dare to act? Has this country become a nation of cowards sir?"
"After the Islamic Student Association (HMI) rejected the arrival of the U20 Israel National Team in Indonesia now the FPI GNPF-U &amp; Apa 212 have expressed the same attitude... the key is in the government cq Menpora and Erick Tohir as the chair of the elected PSSI who replaced Iwan Caucasians ..follow the news"
"One of the ways to prevent Indonesia from becoming the host of the U20 World Cup why wasn't it from before that Indonesia was appointed as the host it's bad it's just like Pekees who hate Israel"
"The Indonesian people reject the arrival of the Israeli U20 football team to Indonesia the people reject the colonial nation entering Indonesia which loves independence"
HMI rejects Israel as a participant in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
firm!! hmi rejects israel in the indonesian u20 world cup
"It doesn't matter whether there is a ball or not what's fortunate is that the Israeli team came to Indonesia well there's no need for U20 in Indonesia"
Israelites/colonial nations are prohibited from coming to Indonesia/u20 Israel is forbidden from stepping on Indonesia
"Regarding the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup we hope for the consistency of Indonesia's foreign policy"
firm!! hmi rejects israel in the indonesian u20 world cup
"In my mind I imagined Indonesia meeting Israel at the U20 World Cup Indonesia no wo but holding our heads up against Israel and then we won we celebrated and we won that's the best way to beat Israel win in an honorable way"
"Supporters are ready for the Palestinian flag as big as the province just relax is there any message oh sure free Palestine is as big as Singapore just relax... I hope Israel Dajjal has passed the European branch of the World Cup it's a shame Palestine didn't penetrate the AFC U20 so it's already in make sure you don't make it to the world cup
"Or maybe some members of the Israeli political parties and the DPR came who joined their U20 team..."
"Regarding the Israeli team at the U20 World Cup we hope for the consistency of Indonesia's foreign policy"
u20 football and host indonesia. Israeli Zionist atrocities. Where's the connection to Drun? who are you to arrange the arrival of the national team? cutie! does saudi arabia have narrow eyes?
HMI rejects Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
HMI rejects Israel as a participant in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"No matter how official your statement is it remains unofficial in our eyes. How strong is your ability to resist the arrival of the Israeli U20 national team? Have you branded them terrorists yet? Your eyes are narrow your brain is blind."
"Ahsan all of you buying up tickets demonstrating the players + official Israel throughout the match. For them to lose badly so that they don't exist anymore at WC U20. Elegant and lively covered by all the world media. Cool. Tafadhol...&gt;&gt;"
HMI rejects Israel as a participant in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
joint statement of the three pillars (fpi gnpf-u &amp; apa 212) regarding the arrival of the israel u20 national team in indonesia:
"You should think openly the Israeli team is the guest of FIFA and Indonesia is the host for the U20 World Cup and you can't go around refusing them to come think bro try going to the Aqsa Mosque you want to be safe too right."
"If you want to reject the Israeli U-20 National Team why volunteer to host the U-20 World Cup? Just step down if you don't want to accept the World Cup participating teams."
sir are you going to invite the israel u20 national team to indonesia? terrorist state? who have no sense of humanity?
Israel is a colonial country that is contrary to the constitution of the Republic of Indonesia and Palestine is the first country to recognize the independence of the Republic of Indonesia. reject the israel national team playing in the world cup u20 2023 indonesia
"Russia was refused to play in the Qatar World Cup in support of FIFA. In Israel at the U20 World Cup how come it was allowed right the colonialists."
fun fact the israel u20 national team is qualified for the world cup in indonesia so if riots break out later don't be surprised
reject u20 israel..mantab
East Indonesia is ready to receive the arrival of the Israel U20 national team..
"The Israeli team will still come first... this is football not politics... it's better for you later when the U20 World Cup... just run to the sea first"
"You said it didn't connect I mean tweets like yours are on the minds of the average anti-Jewish person in Indonesia Israel has passed the U20 World Cup and Indonesia is the host who has to accept who the guests are."
Israel has never qualified for the U20 World Cup before. his debut was precisely when Indonesia became the host. Fate is sometimes like that.
"If the reason is like that there doesn't need to be a football competition in Indonesia not to mention later that the U20 World Cup will be in Israel how about if you enter a group that plays at GBT for sure many people hate their country"
The Israel National Team has qualified for the 2023 U20 World Cup after reaching the semifinals of the U19 European Cup in Slovakia.
Erick Thorhir's 6 points about the presence of the Israeli national team at the 2023 U20 World Cup
Indonesia will accept the Israeli team to play in the 2023 U20 World Cup
"Israel passes the 2023 U20 World Cup Indonesia Erick Thorhir: Politics and sports are all over the world through"
latest football news nova88 Indonesia click: PSSI chairman Erick Thorhir responds to Israel's presence at the 2023 U20 World Cup
Ketum PSSI Erick Thorhir responds to Israel's presence at the 2023 U20 World Cup
"the commission at the time of the parliament asked the government to be professional regarding the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup. because this is a sport not related to other things"
u20 world cup: make sure the medicine of the participating countries is well included
"list of teams qualifying for the 2023 u20 world cup uefa: slovakia italy israel france england. ofc: new zealand fiji. concacaf: united states honduras guatemala dominican republic. conmebol: brasil uruguay. host: indonesia. modern family host
I hope you don't accept the Israeli football team in the U20 World Cup later~
Official: Teams that have qualified for the 2023 U20 World Cup.. Indonesia England France Israel Italy Slovakia Rep. Dominica Guatemala Honduras USA Fiji New Zealand Brazil Uruguay Colombia Ecuador 8 slots remaining..
but we are forbidden to reject israel in the u20 world cup?
"There are usually a number of Muslim players in the Israeli national team but when I checked the U20s seemed to be pure Jews._."
Later when Israel comes to Indonesia (U20 World Cup) we'll just have a war guys
garuda u20 has a high chance of being in a group with israel italy and france is most likely to enter pot 1 with indonesia
"Fiji seems to fit in the same group as Israel later in the U20 world cup so playing tarkam like that seems like netinjing +62 is happy wkwkwk"
Fiji fits into the same group as Israel for the U20 World Cup
"The benefit of Nas coming here is so that the residents don't worry that later the U20 World Cup will be in Israel can the Israeli national team enter Indo?"
just imagine israel winning the pikdun u20 wkwk
Official: Teams that have qualified for the 2023 U20 World Cup.. Indonesia England France Israel Italy Slovakia Rep. Dominica Guatemala Honduras USA Fiji New Zealand Brazil Uruguay Colombia Ecuador 8 slots remaining..
which is clearly a fan of karbitan who is tacky and unwell-educated. Besides the government must provide extra security for the U20 Israel National Team delegation. from their arrival to their departure. 24 hours under guard.
the israel match at the u20 world cup don't give a security permit it's also dangerous because it's going to be crazy
tell the police tum if that's the case then the U20 world cup in Israel doesn't need to be given a security permit it's risky because it's going to be crazy
then how will the israel team play in the u20 world cup
"Anyone know how many U20 World Cup tourists will visit? Have you anticipated that the group playing in Surabaya will contain Israel Guatemala Fiji and Dominica?"
"Football supporters haven't studied before have they? HR is still low but Indonesia wants to host the U20 World Cup how about tomorrow the bus carrying Israeli players at the U20 WC? Throw grenades maybe huh"
ntar gimane bus israel ya pas piala dunia u20 ya
what about the bus carrying Israeli players in the u20 wc huh? grenades were thrown at the same time as those who claimed to be jihad
"The polemic of the Israeli national team at the 2023 U20 World Cup the Ministry of Youth and Sport is not concerned with... passing"
the participation of the israel national team in the u20 23 world cup is koentji
"Many refuse to enter Indonesia what will happen to the Israeli U-20 National Team at the Indonesian U20 World Cup?"
goal! pague menos u20 in brazil sao paolo youth cup pague menos u20 3-1 gama u20 goal! maccabi ahi nazareth in israel league leiumit ironi tiberias 0-1 maccabi ahi nazareth
Moreover there is Israel's FIFA WC U20
"The sentence is shocking after the incident 135 people died while watching football and then in the future the U20 World Cup must protect the Israeli national team can that be done?"
I hope at the U20 World Cup the Israeli bus will be burned...
"Oh my gosh I never learned from the previous case right this is the supporter. Soon to be hosting the U20 World Cup even though the Israeli national team was horrified to be blockaded. What was there was canceled to be the host again"
"2023 Indonesia will host the U20 World Cup and Israel will qualify... get ready to look more like a primitive nation"
looks like fifa needs to replace the host of the u20 world cup which is only a few months away hehehe. it's just a class AFF cup just tacky like this. especially later in the u20 world cup there will also be israel participating
"how about the u20 world cup yes there is israel"
u20 world cup how about ji? even though Israel also participated wkwkwk
"If Israel were to be in the same group as Indonesia I would imagine it would be scary. Maybe the treatment from the village fans would be more tacky and pointless. There must be an evaluation and improvement by the federation calculating the lessons learned for them to secure the u20 world cup later"
"terrible especially later in the U20 World Cup there will be Israel even against Thailand it will be barbaric."
Waiting for the action when Israel plays in the U20 World Cup next year.
israel national team u20 tomorrow
how will there be israel in the u20 world cup group
"In fact apart from throwing the Thai bus there was strange behavior in the stadium too. Surely the U20 World Cup will be very interesting especially when Israel is playing. I can't wait."
"Moreover there will be an Israeli U20 national team later it will be a big bang like that"
"Alright.. I don't know yet can it be like that.. the u20 world cup is coming soon I don't know what will happen with the Israeli state bus"
I can't imagine when the Israeli national team plays in the U20 World Cup later how it will be ckck
how about the u20 world cup in Israel? will the hotel be rammed by white mass organizations?
still afraid of Israel at the U20 World Cup later
Surely we belong to Allah and to Him shall we return. be patient.. soon the u20 world cup. inshaallah natizens and the people of Indonesia will throw LPG gas at Israel.
want to accept the israel national team in indonesia for the u20 world cup??
Tomorrow it's time to play the u20 world cup the bus is Israel in obonk...
We welcome in Indonesia the Israel National Team for the U20 World Cup with a protest
Tomorrow Israel will participate in the U20 World Cup we will raise the big Palestinian flag if I need to terrorize them but don't be anarchists
Tomorrow Israel will play in the Indonesian U20 World Cup...we will practice stoning if they play here...we will unfurl a large Palestinian flag so that they will be psychologically depressed..
wc u20 destroy israel
"It's easy for the U20 Israel World Cup to be played in Bandung yes we'll throw jumroh insha'Allah"
Next year Israel's U20s will play in Indonesia. what gift do you give?
the israel u20 national team is suitable for tear gas that has expired 2 dozen... please understand sir
"Dogs are Israelis Israeli U20 players come we unfurl the Palestinian flag we write the Free Palestine banner how about guys...!!! FIFA's double standard is FIFA silent?"
ciyee on rusianto protest not qualifying euro. he said football is football. war is war. You just protested against Israel joining the U20 world cup. basic netijen 78
israel able to perform perfectly in the u20 world cup?
maybe they will try to get tickets to the u20 world cup final. it will be good if israel goes to the final
later if the u20 world cup here will be disturbed unfairly or not israel
2023 u20 world cup israel in indonesia. *just do what you know
"Bro your country in the U20 World Cup will allow Israel to come. And quickly provide the appropriate facilities. Do you protest or not?"
"Maybe the U20 World Cup here will be like this too especially if Israel is playing as a representative for Europe/UEFA"
"For the U20 World Cup in Indonesia later the information will be that Israel will qualify and compete in Indo are you ready for all the risks at the current World Cup Israeli reporters are being bullied to no end I hope the Indonesian government can anticipate and remain consistent with its support for Palestine"
"2023 there will be a U20 world cup in Indonesia one of the participants will be Israel. What's your response?"
how are you doing next year at u20? maybe if Israel were to compete the Palestinian flag would fly. laugh
"World Cup u20 who wants to be fried min israel is sabi"
I can't imagine the Indonesia U20 World Cup in the same group as Israel xixixi auto panasss
register to become a volunteer for the u20 world cup so you are the israel national team
how will Israel go to Indonesia later during the U20 world cup..
Next year's U20 world cup are there any fans of Israel from Indonesia?
then Israel can't play in the u20 world cup 2023 either
I'm curious that Israel will qualify for the U20 World Cup later how about that? yeah I'm also disrespectful to Israel but I hope that organization doesn't riot against countries that are enemies of Muslims especially if Indonesia is in a group
"My concern is more about the U20 World Cup being used as a political tool for those who want to advance in 2024. I'm worried that this country's football will be hit again by disaster. I really care about issues a b c because the most important thing for me is that the Indonesian national team is going forward. I want israel palestine lgbtq+ don't care"
"Then why did Russia get kicked out of Pildun in the end... if it was because of the invasion in fact Israel just took it easy at the U20 World Cup"
looking at the world cup performance in qatar this time I wonder what will happen to the israel national team in the u20 world cup
This is also a challenge going forward for Indonesia during the U20 World Cup later.. regarding the existence of the LGBT campaign and the presence of Israel as a participant.. what is Indonesia's attitude? it's worth the wait
For some reason I feel worried that next year's U20 World Cup will be used as a political vehicle. remembering the onelove campaign and the arrival of the israel national team here. I'm really worried about you. I hope that Indonesia is not in the same group as Israel's Ma and Israel's group will only play in Bali. in java is too risky
"min discuss the potential for 'crowded' debate over the lgbt symbol at the u20 world cup next year please. All about the arrival of the israel national team. thanks admin"
"Next year the U20 World Cup will be in Indonesia tant. There will be a lot of debate about the LGBT symbol and don't forget that the Israel National Team will also be playing here. There will be lots of material for fighting."
"Madam for the U20 World Cup there is also a campaign for LGBT too right? As well as the anticipation of the commotion because the Israeli national team will come to Indonesia how about that? Thank you"
pssi ro Kemenpora instead of thinking about the league when will it be okay to think about the lgbt symbol with the Israeli flag when the u20 world cup in Indonesia next year. this country is really uproarious.
"Later when U20 plays Israel will be there right? Put up that flag."
next year the israel u20 national team will participate in the u20 world cup in indonesia. How excited are the Indonesians' welcome to them?
Imagine the U20 World Cup which will be held in Indonesia with Israel participating. hope you are safe...
waiting for the Israeli players to ride the armored personnel carrier to the stadium during the u20 world cup later
"The use of the captain's armband with the rainbow (LGBT) logo is a serious issue in Qatar. Next year Indonesia will host the U20 World Cup. Will the Indonesian government tolerate the use of the rainbow armband? A year before the election this could become a serious political issue beyond Israel's presence."
"Don't panic with Indonesian fans during the U20 World Cup later as long as the opponents are not sea people you will definitely be calm even against Israel you can still be calm how come I'm sure it's hot when playing against Malaysia Thailand and Nguyen because I feel equal to these 3 countries so it's not sincere if you lose"
"Brother try to think about it carefully while praying don't forget next year we will host the U20 World Cup but the opponents can be Brazil Argentina England Italy France (we have lost 6-0 yesterday) or... Israel"
Don't forget that the Israel National Team will come to Indonesia at the U20 World Cup. The committee must have bothered to take care of security. will get it in Bali I think.
"For your information France and Slovakia are two of the five teams representing Europe in the upcoming 2023 U20 World Cup. Apart from the two teams: England Italy and Israel. See you in Indonesia!"
Let's see tomorrow's U20 world cup with Israel
"I'm sure Pak Jokowi has thought carefully about it ma'am. If it's Israel's problem you don't have to go far. Next year Israel will play in the 2023 U20 World Cup..."
"But bro the system for selecting the host for the Olympics now is different from before. It doesn't use voting but several stages of approach... and secondly if it's Israel's problem Indonesia doesn't need to worry after all next year Israel will also participate in the U20 World Cup how come it's here hehe "
"no still invited anyway the u20 world cup aka Israel is still present in Indonesia"
goal! cska moscow u19 in russia youth league cska moscow u19 1-0 strogino u20 goal! sochi u19 in russia youth league sochi u19 2-1 fakel u19 goal! hapoel bnei zalafa in israel liga alef - north hapoel bnei zalafa 1-0 ms tira
"Later on the U20 World Cup there will definitely be an Israeli consular office in Indonesia. Moreover they will compete"
the rules are good.. Indonesia won't be rich like that.. Israel can only take part in the U20 Pildum if you dare to boycott
"The U20 World Cup will be the next event can Indonesia face it? Israel hasn't played U20 in Indonesia yet is their safety guaranteed?"
This means that Palestine can write to FIFA so that it can replace Israel in the U20 World Cup
Israel has clearly attacked Palestine and can still take part in the U20 World Cup
"If Iran is crossed out Israel must be crossed out at the U20 World Cup and other world cups"
Indonesia also asked Israel U20 who passed the U20 World Cup to be replaced by Palestine U20 because Israel was not only suspected but clearly attacked Palestine
Yesterday Ukraine is now Italy. Israel is still participating in the U20 world cup how come it's quiet?? Two face you are a UN figure
u20 israel national team banned really?
Yes if that's the case Israel can't have the U20 World Cup for Indonesia. for bombarding the Palestinian state
So Israel u20 yesterday entered the world cup. Do you dare to say that too or not?
"If the football situation isn't fixed soon it's better not to have the U20 World Cup in Indonesia don't forget that the Israeli national team will play here. It's terrible if unwanted things happen again -said someone on Twitter spaces a few days ago after the event Kanjuruhan -"
goal! orenburg u19 in russia youth league uor №5 u20 0-1 orenburg u19 goal! maccabi k. ata bialik in israel liga alef - north maccabi ironi tamra 0-2 maccabi k. ata bialik
"Is it true if I say there are political overtones? A little info Israel is one of the U20 participating countries. Please analyze..."
"eveny that made me ""a bit2x"" 1. republic of indonesia hosts wc u20 in east java 2. israel u20 passes to wc 3. some don't like point 2 4. ri: football is not politic! 5. poor banner is not halal city ​​6. there are "ulama" who are refused lectures 7. there are "tabloids" which are rejected for distribution in houses of worship 8. sad recommendations"
"I can't wait to watch WC U20 in East Java Indonesia vs Israel... eee... there are people who are scared of the crosses.."
agree. cancel the u20 world cup. which has israel participating.
"The world shares its condolences for the Kanjuruhan tragedy including PM Israel Yair Lapid. The Israeli team itself will appear in Indonesia at the U20 world championship."
"The danger is there... FIFA can sanction Indonesia and withdraw the U20 World Cup and give it to other countries... Singapore Australia Thailand Malaysia cannot because of Israel"
"The cancellation of the hosting of the U20 World Cup is a must this is the Israeli national team too the problem is just football fanaticism is enough for Indonesians to be brutal coupled with religious bigotry I can't imagine later than embarrassing the event don't do it in Indonesia"
"""be careful the other day someone didn't want the israel u20 team to play in wcu20 next year."""
maybe because someone doesn't want the israel team to appear at u20. Can you think of the mastermind?
"Yes you have to cancel being the WC U20 host. I can't imagine Indonesia meeting Israel in the knockout phase and then losing. It could be a holy war because of soccer. Most of us are not that mature to accept defeat."
I hope that FIFA will revoke the hosting of the U20 World Cup. What if we are in the same group as Israel's high school and continue to lose riotously like this it's better to just take it out now
"Yes it's better to review the U20 World Cup event. This league is only up to this point God forbid if it happens again at that event. Moreover there is already special attention given to Indo because the Israeli national team has qualified for the U20 World Cup here."
"It's better if you don't host the U20 World Cup if the security at the club level isn't right especially when there will be an Israeli visiting team you know there are organizations that are cool they will act if they go to Indonesia"
"from the beginning it was still primitive from all elements it was still clear that it still justified anarchism whether it was the fans or the match guards. Think about it this is only the scale of the domestic league it's already very embarrassing how do you want to organize the U20 world cup? which is Israel there."
the israel national team immediately had reasons to ask fifa to move the location of the u20 world cup
"For the sake of FIFA's security the host for the U20 World Cup from Indonesia has been cancelled if there is an Israeli short fuse supporter it immediately turns on with its stupidity"
especially when Israel joins FIFA U20. I have no idea what the security will be like.
FIFA considering Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup? let alone Israel came too
wc u20 next year there is israel
"There must be a protest don't forget that there is Israel bro tomorrow is the U20 world cup wkwkwk"
Don't forget that Indonesia will host the U20 World Cup next year. Israel also plays in the tournament there. cook it.
Next year at the U20 World Cup Israel will definitely enter Indonesia. don't let there be boycotts or if it really happens be prepared to be banned by FIFA waiting
"U20 world cup met with the National Police PSSI answered about the Israeli national team playing in Bali"
"We have nothing to do with Israel Indonesia volunteered to host the WC-U20... it's our obligation to accept countries that pass the WC-U20... if Israel doesn't accept Israel cancel the U-20 World Cup."
"In 2023 Indonesia will host the U20 World Cup interestingly Israel will be one of the countries that has qualified for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Hmmm in the middle of a political year the government's attitude will be rich how can I reflect on the 1962 Asian Games which Israel was banned from participating in"
"So that's it bro... it's 2022 you know... when Vietnam football has left us far behind this is a club with a league like that... how do you want to improve... yesterday there was also a statement from slala mataliti. .match for israel in the 2023 u20 world cup later..tell to play in singapore.hilarious"
Can the U20 World Cup be canceled if Israel is refused to play in Indonesia?
Israel U20 World Cup to Indonesia hoping that we will raise the Palestinian flag in the same group as Indonesia how do they feel?
next year israel plays in our country for the u20 world cup. is there any action like this?
"The u20 cup will be in Indonesia right? We can fill the stands when Israel plays terrorizes and carries the Palestinian flag."
good and bad boycott of the israel national team at the 2023 u20 world cup
good and bad boycott of the israel national team at the 2023 u20 world cup
"It means that the Qatar Football Federation has a strong relationship with FIFA. It's different from whatever FIFA decides it can only nod including Israel's plan to participate in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. That's in my opinion maybe according to Simbah it's different yes it's okay to be different"
"Countries that have been confirmed to qualify for the 2023 U20 World Cup include Indonesia Italy France England Slovakia Israel the United States Honduras Guatemala Dominican Republic. The 2023 U20 World Cup will take place between 20 May and 11 June 2023."
we will also face the same coachman debate controversy in the future during the u20 world cup with the israel national team which passed the qualifying round
there will be a possibility of getting banned again at the U20 world cup later if the government and PSSI are not careful in handling the situation when Israel comes to Indonesia
"It was even crazier when during the Indonesia U20 World Cup he became Israel's co-ordinator of supporters.."
"Israel took part in the U20 World Cup and then came to Indonesia that's okay the supporters can't do that."
"The U20 World Cup is our agenda to slaughter Israel bro Vietsu and Thaisu probably won't participate"
"police will strictly guard the israel u20 national team players in hotels stadiums and training grounds"
The police are ready to protect the Israel U20 national team players
"How about it evaluate the main thing if the opponents of Asean countries still draw or lose or like this how about the U20 world cup opponents like Israel France England Germany Brazil"
history and where and how as the host of the u20 world cup?. please listen and learn...
What's wrong with the Israel U20 National Team how come suddenly the issue is Act
"That's also what makes people worry. After Eid al-Adha the U20 team from Israel will use the field will the grass become unclean and be removed and replaced again? Remember PKS has said that!"
"Please share the schedule for the U20 world cup because I really want to watch Israel."
israel in the u-19 euro final huh? That means automatically qualifying for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia.
if until the israel u20 national team plays against the indonesian u20 national team &amp; playing in Indonesia I promise I won't watch any more national team football matches and I won't support the national team anymore.
"Also if nothing changes in the Israeli team confirm to be one of the team to watch at the u20 world cup later. That's even after entering Indonesia."
"jakarta ( – the israel national team is certain to qualify for the 2023 u20 world cup which will be held in Indonesia this immediately drew criticism from various parties. the Indonesian Ulema Council (MUI) warned the government not to be reckless"
"The government refuses Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup then you can think of this as government intervention in the federation FIFA freezes PSSI membership. In this case who loses? The profit is still bib vonk bakmumin..."
"PDIP: Indonesia can't ban Israel U20 from coming to Indonesia next year but can't sing the national anthem & can't carry the Israeli flag. Even though they don't eat pork and also circumcision like you. Why is Muhammad even popular there. You are hypocrites... "
"This is not a problem connected between politics and sports by allowing Israel to take part in the U20 World Cup Indonesia indirectly recognizes that this country exists"
"It's just that the rioters made Indonesia the host embarrassed because the demonstrations weren't clear the Israel U20 National Team came for sports not politics or religion"
"The Israeli Jews are bastards. Then later this country still wants to accept their U20 team competing in Indonesia? If I am the leader of this country they will not be given entry. If they are crossed out from the hosts whatever it will become a symbol of their resistance to colonialism." do"
We must not ban the Israel U20 national team from playing football here because of the FIFA event but we must firmly reject or condemn Israel for colonizing and seizing Palestinian land.
"These are people who don't understand the rules of sports forbidding Israel from competing is tantamount to rejecting FIFA's decision to hold the World U20 Cup in Indonesia. The one that allows Israel to participate in the World Cup is FIFA for its achievements in passing the preliminary round."
"That's why I can't get a demo job again because Israel entered the U20 World Cup don't forget about the pig tongseng"
If Indonesia (through Menpora &amp; PSSI) allows Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup especially in the UK to compete/compete in Indonesia it means agreeing to Israel's occupation of Palestine this is also against President Soekarno's decree.
u20 world cup 2023 finalists total: 24 teams 1 host 4 afc 5 uefa 4 concacaf 4 conmebol 4 caf 2 ofc indonesia (host) france italy england israel* slovakia rep. dominika* guatemala honduras united states * debutant
"the israel" national team has passed the 2023 u20 world cup in Indonesia mui: don't let its arrival cause problems"
fifa u20 world cup host : indonesia as of june 30 uefa england israel france italy slovakia concacaf usa honduras dominican republic guatemala
I'm surprised... there are still people who claim to be intellectuals using stupid and stupid narratives about the presence of the Israeli team at the U20 event which is used as material for rejection just because of the Israeli-Palestinian condition... don't bring this world of sport to identity politics...
who is holding the u20 world cup event? right fifa? So why is Russia being sanctioned because it attacked Ukraine but Israel didn't attack Palestine. Or Russia kills the people of Ukraine who are humans while Israel kills the people of Palestine who are mosquitoes. I have double standards
"In fact we don't want to join FIFA which is discriminatory towards Russia. If we refuse Israel to play U20 here what's the difference between us and FIFA's behavior there?"
"So don't be surprised if the achievements of the national team have always been like that... because there are still many administrators and netizens who are toxic don't understand football but pretend to understand football... soon the U20 World Cup will be canceled by FIFA because the hosts are busy demonstrating against the arrival of the national team Israel"
"PSSI the government must respond immediately the opinion of the people who don't want Israel to compete in the U20 World Cup. Check the FIFA rules can an implementing country reject another country's national team? For political reasons. What are the sanctions for Indonesia?"
you idiot... Indonesia is only the organizer of the U-20 World Cup and has no authority to ban Israel from participating in the U-20 World Cup. Fifa has the authority. If Indonesia bans Israel from participating in the U-20 World Cup... -year
fifa supports lgbt fifa supports ukraine fifa just mixes football with politics so there's nothing wrong if Indonesia rejects the arrival of the israel national team to indonesia when the u20 world cup rolls around later....
"Just be ready Indonesia will be penalized later maybe the Indonesian U20 team will be banned from competing for several seasons or Indonesia will be blacklisted as an organizer in the future.... other Arab countries that are more Islamic than Indonesia just accept Israel"
Pro-Palestinian NGOs call for Israel to reject Indonesia at the U20 World Cup
Pro-Palestinian NGOs call for Israel to reject Indonesia at the U20 World Cup
"How do you want the Israel U20 team to qualify for the U20 World Cup final in Surakarta your friends are noisy ready to demonstrate against the Israeli team's participation;"
Israel U20 is going to Indonesia for the world cup. cool isn't it?
Israel refuses to take part in the U20 World Cup whatever the consequences
"France England Italy Israel are in SF Euro U19. Euro U19 semifinalists automatically enter the U20 World Cup in "Indonesia". with conflict for some.""no entry""expected"
"Don't be unreasonable. Schedule the Israeli U20 team to play at I Wayan Dipta. I want to know that Nopel besieged Ngurah Rai International Airport hotels and the reaction of Gianyar residents."
Israel managed to enter the U20 World Cup no need to ask permission from MERC. Indonesia to host the World Cup also doesn't need to ask ME-C's opinion. that's why it bothers...
"Israel passes the U20 world cup with the same diancem boycott etc. Jordi is very kejdt is the same as being subjected to a boycott. Naturalization of Trofeo fun football is the same as being serious so that the guest star is confused about the pre-season tournament and the losing team (hashtag waiting) what else? want to be surprised but realize that I exist Where :)"
"It's funny but it's not surprising that Indonesia and Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup they were boycotted threatened etc. The pre-season tournament is taken very seriously if they lose in the mad mad fun football is taken seriously until Ronaldinho gets angry plus this"
"Actually almost all Indonesian citizens are on the same side for the Israeli-Palestinian case I'm sure. But for the Israeli national team case that is playing at WC U20 in my opinion there shouldn't be any action that instead "throws out" Indonesia as host. House."
update list of teams that qualified for the fifa u20 world cup in indonesia: 1.indonesia (afc) h* 2.france (uefa) 3.italy (uefa) 4.england (uefa) 5.israel (uefa) 6.slovakia (uefa) 7.honduras (concacaf) 8 united states (concacaf)
"Unfortunately the Israeli national team has passed the Indonesian U20 World Cup Bobby Rizaldi: safety must be guaranteed!"
"Being host at U20 Indonesia consistently does not recognize Israel -"
"only stupid people who refuse Israel U20 to play in the Indonesian world.."
"Lots of Israelis want to come to the Indonesian U20 World Cup and many are shouting Israel is not a country. If the context is still in the 60s-70s it is still relevant but after the 70s it seems that almost all Arab countries were against Israel and lost to recognizing Israel as a country."
"feelings will still be hated with the narrative of not doing the same thing for Palestine especially towards the U20 World Cup where one of the participants is Israel hopefully not"
"Israel U19 is making a sensation again!! After qualifying for the 2023 U20 World Cup Israel is making history again by qualifying for the U19 Euro final by beating France 2-1. In the final Israel will meet England who also beat Italy with a score of 2-1."
-if bad things happen during the u20 world cup and impact the senior national team who qualify for the 2023 Asian Cup as well. The context here is that you don't have to join FIFA which is unfair. After Israel returns home again it's up to you if you want to visit the MSG2 account that's fine too
"""israel's u20 world cup is playing in indon. please protect the kadrun ya"""
"If it becomes a polemic just withdraw from hosting the U20 World Cup. At the same time withdraw from the U20 World Cup for the reason that there is Israel. It's not complicated...."
"It's great that U20 has Israel the Asian Cup has Palestine."
Are you sure you want to bid to host the 2023 Asian Cup? Yes if you don't get banned by FIFA because of the behavior of people from this country when Israel plays in the U20 World Cup later. I have seen yesterday's terrible comments and threats during the match from our netizens about Israel.
Let's talk about boycotts in the context of the U20 World Cup first. Seriously bro this is a big event that Indonesia is just holding in football. Don't let the first impression be bad. just let it go first. if you want to sign Israel in a new mentality it's up to you. I just want to watch football.
Open Twitter more freely after unfollowing extra time which incidentally is a lot of Vardrid mass organizations. just opening a comment about the israel u20 national team qualifying for the u20 world cup. How?
"Israel can appear in the Indonesian U20 World Cup this is the government's reason"
aph should apprehend this ugly toothless one. His bacotan could have been quoted by foreign media with all the seasonings causing concern for U20 participants especially Israel. and fifa affected.
"the israel u20 national team who will take part in the world cup here were threatened by kadrun..... if they survived they should be very grateful the fate of the militants who attacked the israel olympic team in munich was caught in the film ""munich"""
the israel national team has ensured that they qualify for the u20 world cup which will be held in indonesia in 2023. this success was achieved after they finished runners-up in group b with 4 points.
"It's ugly black toothless stupid alive again. It's hard to see. When was this person force-fed. His words were trivial but they could have been quoted by foreign media with all their seasonings causing concern for participants at U20 especially Israel. And it doesn't rule out that FIFA is also worried. ."
"There have been many rejections by the Israeli national team to compete in the 2023 Indonesia U-20 World Cup Menpora Zainudin Amali gave a response this is what he said"
"israel" discourse has started to roll... soccer children must be wise in responding because like it or not like it or not like the entity 'israel' is always sexy in Indonesia. don't be antipathy process opinion discuss... success and always support Indonesia to host the u20 world cup!"
"Dare to ban Israel from appearing at the U20 World Cup in Indonesia be ready to accept sanctions from FIFA and be expelled from FIFA members so you can only watch between villages"
So it will be exciting if next year Israel U20 will compete against Indonesia in Jakarta. there shouldn't be any problem since jews don't eat pork and also have been circumcised.
"(((chaotic))) sports shouldn't be mixed up with politics don't we also hate that G20 is boycotted because of Putin's presence? Regarding Israel's inclusion in the U20 World Cup: the task of the Republic of Indonesia is to support Palestine"
"You can see it from the differences of opinion on Twitter since the news that Israel still has the possibility of qualifying for the U20 World Cup it's been a blast."
The solution for the Israeli U20 volume will play next year in Indonesia
"If anyone wants to blockade the airport so that the Israeli U20 national team cannot enter Indonesia it's better to just send it to Palestine. So that you can really feel it."
"What's the deal with Fitsa Hat? Israel is participating in the U20 World Cup which is being held by FIFA it just so happens that Indonesia is the location for the event. Israel invites FIFA to nerlaga..."
APH should immediately secure this toothless person even if it is held at U20 in 2023. His statement is sensitive. During the social media period the statement by the toothless cadrun could have been quoted by foreign media causing concern for the participants especially Israelis.
is refusing the participation of the israel national team in the u20 world cup the same as refusing the participation of the russian national team in the senior world cup?
indeed qualifying pass israel. I said you don't need Indonesia to host the U20 World Cup if for example Israel doesn't accept becoming an AFC participant it's already stuck. Regarding the Soekarno issue sometimes he is insulted sometimes he is worshiped it's weird too
"don't mix football with politics""russia"" in fifa boycott can't join world cup 2022 qatar because of ""russia"" invasion of ""ukraina"" dare? fifa boycott ""israel"" in world cup 2023 u20 Indonesia??? who also "Israel"" invaded ""Palestine"""
Israel doesn't deserve to play in the U20 World Cup yes we both reject Israel
PSSI said about Israel's passage to the U20 World Cup
"matamy puicekk pantekkk.. when will Indonesia play and host the world cup???????? even though this is ""only"" u-20 at least this is an opportunity to compete with the country also criticizing Israel but your insult to the Indonesian u20 national team too late. bitch"
Israel's passage to next year's U20 World Cup in Indonesia is recognized or not raises new potential problems that cannot be taken lightly by the parties concerned.
The Indonesian government guarantees the safety of the Israel National Team in action on the 2023 U20 World Cup stage
If FIFA could revoke Russia's participation in the World Cup qualifiers due to the Ukraine war. then can the U20 world cup also annul Israel's participation because of the Palestinian conflict? yes or no?
Israel does not have diplomatic relations. the ministry of foreign affairs commented on the fate of the israel national team players to compete in the u20 world cup in Indonesia.
"Oh yeah Israel has qualified for the 2023 U20 World Cup Indonesia? Wow are you ready to be "welcomed" especially the National Monument of the Republic of Ireland who seem to be vocally demonstrating in front of the athlete hotel I think :)"
"let's welcome the israel u20 national team with the most lively welcome! don't give them sleep while in indonesia! we'll fill the stadium have fireworks"
disagree with the discourse on Israel's refusal to play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia. that's not how. let him play here.
"Regarding Israel wanting to come here at the time of the U20 World Cup I'm taking a more stance feel free to just show your voice do you want to support Palestine or Israel pretending to wave each other's flags you don't need to prevent each other you're free all you have to do is be strong"
"Okay it's been rejected but don't cry if later Indonesia won't be trusted anymore to host international events. It seems so easy to refuse. I really hate Israel but when will we play in the U20 World Cup to be added as hosts."
I as an Indonesian citizen reject the U20 world cup if there is Israel
"Even though in Israel they are tolerant you know... religious affairs are never a fuss about. MCD Kosher and you Kosher can coexist. Besides you're only kids who understand politics they only dream of being a footballer... he said Rahmatan Lilalamin? "
I hope you don't forget to equip Israeli players with Mitznefet. sure there will be lots of rocks and bottles targeting israel's u20 players.
what's wrong with u20 kids playing football...they weren't even born in israel if they were told to choose...don't be stupid
Congratulations Israel you have successfully entered our country with the U20 World Cup route but sorry we are still Palestinian brothers
congratulation israel you have entered our country by way of u20 world cup but we still will not have any relation with you
"I refuse Israel to appear at the Indonesian U20 World Cup. Let's discuss why you support and why I refuse Israel to appear at the Indonesian U20 World Cup!."
what can we do with it? Is it true that with the U20 World Cup in Indonesia next year with the presence of Israel as the next participant it's a sign that we love Israel? All of that is FIFA's policy not the government. please add information first so as not to trigger debate.
"Supposedly Indonesia's qualification for the U20 World Cup should be the initial momentum to show the existence of Indonesian football fans against all forms of oppression fascism and racism that Israel has been doing for generations against Palestine. Let them come &amp; they will know that the world's "hell" in Indonesia"
"What's clear is that you want to debate until your nutmeg smokes that won't change FIFA's decision. It's really how strong our country can be against FIFA. What's important now is that you don't have to be ridiculous by banning Israel from participating in the Indonesian U20 WC let alone you want to be stupidly terrorized by the police with your police"
"Congratulations to the Israel National Team for qualifying for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia hopefully in the future the Palestinian National Team will also qualify for the World Cup"
"So why are you comparing the U20 World Cup issue even though Russia is not participating as well. You also cannot compare Russia with Israel where Indonesia's attitude towards Israel clearly does not recognize that its country exists. When it comes to war Indonesia's attitude is the same but understand the points above master hi "
"So it's like this: 1. I never claim I'm good at theory like you claim to be good at hi; 2. I'm talking about Israel who played and came to Indonesia during the U20 World Cup why did you link Russia to Russia right Russia didn't play; 3. Even if it's lacking Blaspheming Russia doesn't mean supporting Israel your logic is ridiculous!!"
Where is the Bali venue for the Israel U20 match? the problem is that Israel u20 already got u20 world cup tickets.
"israel qualify at u20 in indonesia next year piye iki"
"Welcome to the Israeli national team that passed the U20 World Cup those who rejected Israel and staged demonstrations those must be weak human beings religious slaves who are easily provoked. Let's see if the government loses to those trash humans."
israel qualified for the u20 world cup &amp; Indonesia is the host. how should we behave? of course still accept them coming to Indonesia. and how to condemn Israel for acts of violence against Palestinians? when israel plays raise the palestine flag in the stadium
"Yes sir he's only discussing players who share the same religion as him you know Israel who passed the U20 World Cup wants to come to Indonesia all the fuss."
"Well Israel confirmed that they will enter the U20 World Cup are the steps of the chairman still the same as those given by Veneu Bali? Still waiting."
this is also what I'm afraid of. I'm afraid there will be lots of demonstrations against the Israeli national team leading to a boycott of the U20 World Cup. In the end PSSI was banned by FIFA again. ouch I swear not. It's enough for my emyu to cancel coming to Jakarta because of the Nurdin M Top bomb in 2010.
"just add pr is israel... just give it in just u20 poor thing"
"israel is joining the u20 wc is it crazy that you will get a warm welcome from madridtista? just watch it on tv"
Those who can only pass using the host line don't pretend to be stubborn. Bunglia Israel from the group phase can qualify. Besides only children aged 20 and under are bullied shame on you.
"Israel has passed the U20 World Cup it was exciting when playing the match at Bung Tomo's surge Indonesian supporters full stadium choreography the chant we will not go down... lets see"
"Yes PSSI basically chose Bali as anticipation for the scenario when Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup and it really happened"
If there are threats and physical terror against the Israeli national team please just cancel the U20 World Cup tomorrow
"List of countries that have passed the Indonesian U20 World Cup Israel is included"
list of teams qualifying for the 2023 u20 world cup in indonesia: who else will follow israel? via
"2023 World Cup U20 participants who will come to Indonesia one of which is Israel dare not come to Israel's demo stadium in plain sight"
"Indeed you have to accept...and you can't not accept the question that holding the U20 FIFA World Cup is not Indonesia but Israel must be prepared for the consequences for the acceptance of Indonesians towards Israel...so you can't blame/control people's reactions"
"List of countries that have passed the Indonesian U20 World Cup Israel is included"
hadehh Israel has qualified to play in the u20 cup later in Indonesia 2023 sis
"A case like this doesn't apply in Indonesia bro whether you want U20 or U11 as long as it's like that whatever the demo will be clear see later at least Madrid fans will come down if they play on JKT for Israel in the Bali group it's guaranteed to be safe at least only terror supporters in just stadium"
Israel will compete in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia in July
I hope Indonesia is a good host don't do demonstrations. Israel is the fourth country to qualify for the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"Wherever Israel plays in the U20 World Cup Indonesia will be sure to get extraordinary mental and physical pressure from Indonesian supporters. bullshit football no politics~ which football has no politics and people"" politics? fifa PSSI all world and Indonesian clubs There is!!"
the fact israel qualified for the u20 world cup in indonesia. I hope we don't have too many conflicts with the arrival of the Israeli national team to Indonesia....
Anjay Israel Qualifies for Indonesia U20 World Cup 2023
Israel is the fourth country to qualify for the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"The U20 World Cup will be played before the Asian Cup. It's because the supporters are silly and idiots waving the Palestinian flag in the Israeli match and the Indonesian team cannot play in the Asian Cup."
Israel Qualifies for U20 World Cup
"The impact isn't too big bro even if Israel continues to play in the Indonesian U20 World Cup this is just an age group tournament nothing special."
"Israel passed at U20 in Indonesia this is Ivan Caucasian's response"
"Please remember it is very likely that we will be in the same group as Indonesia because as hosts we will definitely be in pot 1 of the draw while Israel is in pot 4 because it is the first time we have passed the U20 world cup..."
Ketum PSSI guarantees that Israel can play in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia
Israel will qualify for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia next year. for example one group with Indonesia continues to play in Surabaya. definitely full gbt
indeed... israel's u20 world cup held 3 times before entering the finals or not? the audience was already excited aj .. haha
"There are no Indonesian Muslims who want Israel mas Indonesia proposed to host the U20 World Cup and Israel passed the U20 World Cup. As a consequence Israel will come here. By the way seriously ask in the 1945 Constitution there is a written statement that Israel is not allowed to come here bro. ?"
"Israel U20 will play in Indonesia the worst possibility is that PSSI can be penalized for this."
"Plot twist: Palestine qualify for the U20 World Cup in the same group as Israel and Indonesian supporters fill the stadium supporting Palestine"
It seems that football fans understand about sanctions. I hope there are no 'clans' who get in the way and make the WC U20 atmosphere worse because of Israel's arrival in Indonesia.
Israel U20 is ready to be called on by Indonesian netijen. we make them unable to sleep well with psywar2 a la Garuda supporters
"if israel qualify for fifa world cup u-20 but refuse to entry indonesia fifa must move the match venue to israel. "
Indonesia has the opportunity to be in the same group as Israel in FIFA WC U20 because Israel will be placed in pot 2 while we are in pot 1. Especially if they play in Jakarta. It will be crowded in the martial world if this happens. Israel will be bullied when playing against us
"We hope that Israel's escape will not trigger a heated situation during the 2023 U20 World Cup. So how do you respond to Israel's passage to Indonesia?"
"Well welcome to the Israel National Team and other participating countries in the 2023 U20 World Cup!"
We hope that the 2023 U20 World Cup can be an event of solidarity for what Palestine has experienced as a result of Israel's actions. at the same time we also have to show that Indonesia can be a good host for various events.
"In this situation one cannot deny that the Indonesian people's resentment towards Israel will overflow. However the public must hold back for a moment. Indonesia as the host must facilitate all participating teams in the U20 World Cup including the Israeli national team."
Israel is not being punished like Russia. The U20 World Cup will witness Israel making its debut in a country that has long condemned its actions against Palestine.
"Israel's qualification for the U20 World Cup in the timeline the pros and cons if Israel goes to Indonesia one more pro and cons for the logo. Calm down friends Israel can't change it but the logo can still be done. Previously FIFA scheduled to release the logo on January 21. before it's cancelled."
"When talking on social media there have been tweets of rejection or simply protests of displeasure since the Israeli national team has the opportunity to qualify for the 2023 U20 World Cup. This is commonplace. So what if on the field?"
"Hosting the 2023 U20 World Cup Indonesia is one of the countries that has vocally defended Palestine from both the government and its people. This then became the subject of discussion when the Israeli national team will come to carry out the event."
"Judging from the Kumbol article the Minister of Youth and Sports of the Republic of Indonesia has made a statement whereby Israel can appear at the U20 World Cup event. The Menpora stressed that he did not want his party as the host to interfere in political and football matters. Firmly the Menpora opened the door wide for Israel."
for the sake of the security of the israel u20 national team in the u20 world cup you can try to enter/exit the stadium later using barracuda.
"Apart from being competed on the field the journey of the Israeli national team to the U20 world cup was also influenced by field factors. First can Israeli citizens/national team come to Indonesia? Yes."
"This then raises a question mark regarding Indonesia as the host for the U20 World Cup. As a country that has vocally condemned Israel for their aggression against Palestine it is clear that this will lead to debate."
"In group B the Israeli national team has qualified for the u19 euro semifinals with England after finishing in 2nd place. In the semifinals they will meet the u20 French national team. Eits not only that!"
"Israel goes to Indonesia? [thread] Israel's passage into the group phase of the U20 World Cup raises a debate especially domestically. Yes Israel is a country that often receives criticism including from the people of Indonesia. Then what is their situation for the U20 World Cup? "
"That's right bro... tomorrow's U20 2023 World Cup will surely raise the issue of the Israeli invasion of Palestine with a comparison of Russia v Ukraine. If the PSSI and the government of the Republic of Indonesia do not immediately take a stand there will definitely be turmoil like the example above (love emot)"
"During the G20 Indonesia will still accept Russia to come even though they started a war. And during the U20 World Cup Indonesia will still accept Israel even though they have started a war a long time ago."
Dear Mr. Minister please consider boycotting Israel in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia later. like fifa boycott russia. If the Russian boycott is justified then the same must be done for Israel
Israel will make sure to qualify for the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia!!
Israel is the fourth country to qualify for the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"It's possible that during the Israel match at the U20 World Cup a policy of no spectators was implemented (only for Israeli matches) both outside and inside the stadium were guarded by a lot of officers. So that it doesn't just get messy like that."
"unpopular opinion: if Indonesia really wants to be the host of the 2036 Olympics it has to start from wanting to accept Israel at the U20 World Cup next year all that's left is to shout huuuuu at the stadium every time Israel competes@"
Israel has qualified for the U20 World Cup which will be held in Indonesia next year and it is certain that Konoha residents will be crowded
Israel has passed the U20 World Cup in Indonesia don't just wave the Palestinian flag for billboards
Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup next year in Indonesia. it is safest to play back. :d
this is u20 and many of the immigrant players are also not originally Israeli.. if indonesia is banned by fifa do you want to be blamed? in vain to qualify for the Asian Cup
mui and his mob reject the arrival of israel indonesia to withdraw from hosting the u20 world cup indonesia is penalized by fifa this is my prediction
"Israel made their debut in Indonesia's 2023 FIFA U20 World Cup after qualifying for the semifinals in this year's U20 UEFA Cup. However relations between Indonesia and Israel are still heating up due to the domestic situation. For next year the Israeli matches will be held without spectators."
Don't let Israel take action against Israel to qualify for the U20 World Cup next year.
"Israeli Zionists qualify for WC U20 just do what we have to do just like westerners shout about Ukraine vs Russia. Because in my opinion football without politics is just bullshit."
not really like that. the proof can pass the u20 world cup. Yes it means there are still many who want to compete with Israel
"If Iran Palestine or Syria U20 qualify for the FIFA U20 in the Asia zone then being in the same group as Israel will be exciting. The match will determine the future and pride of their country"
it's official: the israel national team will ensure that they qualify for the 2023 indonesia u20 world cup! welcome to indonesia!
Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup representing Indonesia Uefa. - Anyone who passes Indonesia must be ready to secure as the host of an international event! - Likewise the Israeli national team must also be prepared for all the dynamics of acceptance by the Indonesian people
countries that have already qualified for the fifa u20 world cup 5/24: 1.indonesia (afc) h* 2.france (uefa) 3.italy (uefa) 4.england (uefa) 5.israel (uefa) distribution of participants: host 1 afc 4 uefa 5 ofc 2 caf 4 concacaf 4 conmebol 4 play: 20 may - 11 june 2023
u20 world cup 2023 finalists total: 24 teams 1. indonesia (host) afc 2. 3. 4. 5. uefa 6. france 7. italy 8. england 9. israel 10. slovakia/ austria (playoff) caf 11. 12. 13. 14. concacaf 15. 16. 17. 18. conmebol 19. 20. 21. 22. ofc 23. 24.
"Qualified! Israel became a finalist for the 2023 U-20 World Cup thanks to the title of runner-up in Group B of the 2022 European U-20 Championship. With that Israel will experience this young international title for the first time."
"Actually the Israeli national team is also filled with immigrant players like in the U20 team. Why is it noam muche and Idan Jorno... when it comes to football Israel has the right to play in Indonesia. But what makes the pressure high is if there are issues outside of football."
israel passed wc-u20 really wkwkwk
"It's very interesting that the Israeli national team has qualified for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia! Considering that the sentiment towards this country is very high-spirited" if you do psywar FIFA can act. But you also need to remember that FIFA must also be fair!"
"Okay if you don't want Israel to exist you can just step back from hosting the U20 World Cup"
"History of Israel qualifying for the 2023 U20 World Cup Indonesia already has 4 guests"
It would be disgraceful if because of Israel's refusal at U20 athletes who were not mistaken became victims
"Israel qualified for the semifinals of the U19 Euro and also to the 2023 U20 World Cup!!! losing to England 0-1 Israel made sure to qualify for SF after Serbia lost to Austria 2-3. With this there are already 5 countries in the 2023 U20 World Cup . one more ration will be there vs"
"Legal Israel qualified for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia"
"Escape! Despite losing to the English national team Israel U20 has successfully advanced to the semifinals and will face France at the 2022 U19 Euro. Not only that Israel U19 will make their debut at the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup!"
it's official: the israel national team will ensure that they qualify for the 2023 indonesia u20 world cup! welcome to indonesia!
The correction in this first round was that the England and Austria national teams were 1-0 ahead of their respective opponents and this meant that the Israeli national team ensured a place in the U20 2023 Indonesia world cup group phase.
"Israel has the opportunity to qualify for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia Menpora: Sports must be free from political issues in full: via"
"Saturday night Israel's decision to play in the Indonesian U20 World Cup -"
"If Israel passes to the U20 World Cup it will be epic if it's in the same group as Indonesia then Indonesian supporters will spread the Palestinian flag. It will be even more epic if Indonesia wins."
"Lahhh I read an account about the U20 world cup about Israel being allowed to play not in Indo my goal is to read football news football really doesn't need to be brought into politics it's the same with Russian football players do they really want war? Why can't they take part in the world cup try "
Bro do you know that Israel is one step away from qualifying for the 2023 Indonesia U20 World Cup? and how do you respond?
"Israel's problem is if it passes the U20 World Cup in 2023. The Indonesian people must accept it. Because in sports it is not permissible to mix sports and politics even though I am pro-Palestine I still have to be professional when I enter the world of sports.."
"There may be a solution from FIFA PSSI and the government it is possible without a national anthem for Israel if it passes to the U20 world cup but there are definitely pros and cons regarding fair play"
What's wrong if Israel takes part in the U20 World Cup in Indonesia?? what's the reason why you can't join? it's not that in that field they play ball instead of carrying grenades
"unpopular opinion that if Indonesia really wants to be the host of the 2036 Olympics you have to accept that Israel will appear at the U20 World Cup next year I'm pro Palestine how come Indonesians can just shout boo when Israel competes"
too much if football is mixed with religion. yes if Israel passes they have the right to be in this U20 world cup.
It needs to be understood that Indonesia is only the host. the organizer of the u20 world cup is fifa. If we ban Israel do you want FIFA to be in doubt again?
Indonesia is only the host. the organizer of the u20 world cup is fifa. Indonesia cannot prohibit Israel from participating in Israel also qualify through the preliminaries. Do you want Indonesia to be penalized by FIFA again? I admit that FIFA is a double standard.
????. Indonesia is the only host to host the FIFA U20 World Cup. Indonesia can't ban Israel from participating in Israel's escape because of efforts from the elimination. Do you want Indonesia to be suspicious if you ban Israel?
could be the reason for rejecting the israel u20 national team if it passes to the u20 world cup
Indonesian football fans about the Russia-Ukraine case brought to football: this football has nothing to do with politics!!! Indonesian football fans about Israel playing in the U20 World Cup:
"Oh yes I forgot. But yes my point is as before. It could be that Indonesia refuses Israel to participate in the U20 World Cup because of that history. If Israel accepts it in Indo it could hurt the friendship of Indonesia-Palestine. Plus it could be that people won't accept it either "
Indonesia U20 vs Israel U20 Don't be surprised if the stadium is filled with Madrid and Eintracht Frankfurt fans
Israel has a chance to qualify for the U20 World Cup...
"There are still many who want the U20 World Cup to continue in Indonesia even though Israel has passed do you think?"
"Look at June 25/26 tomorrow first but if Israel doesn't pass the group phase it will definitely enter the WC U20 playoffs in the European zone"
"Well how about June 25/26 tomorrow. If Israel doesn't qualify for the u18 euro group phase you can still go to the European zone WC U20 playoffs on June 28/29. The probability of passing is already 60%"
Menpora Amali ensures that the Israeli National Team can play in the U20 World Cup in peace
"Israel has the potential to qualify big for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia next year it will be fun if you want to psychic with Israel don't be too harsh just support Israel's opponent and just cheer if you want to give the Palestinian flag right before the match"
The U20 World Cup in Indonesia if Israel passes what will it be?
You are all too focused on Qatar to forget that Israel has the potential to qualify for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia next year
So what do you think if for example Israel managed to qualify for the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia
"Israel U19 is getting closer to the 2023 U20 World Cup in Indonesia. Last night they won 4-2 over Austria. The last match was against England U19 even if they lose (+2) they still qualify as long as they are not overtaken by Serbia (-4). "
Personal view: Mr. Iwan Caucasian's decision/stance if Israel can qualify for the U20 World Cup in 2023 will affect Mr. Iwan's electability if he wants to advance in West Java.
"So will there be a wave of protests if Israel manages to qualify for the U20 World Cup? In 2015 Indonesia hosted the BWF World Championships one of the Israeli athletes Misha Zilbermann did not issue his visa and was banned from entering. Although he finally managed to enter after BWF intervened."
"Israel U19 won 4-2 over Austria U19 in the Euro U19 continuation. The opportunities for the U20 World Cup in Indonesia are increasingly wide open because now Israel at least locks in third place in the group. Euro U19 has 5 slots with 3rd place in each group meeting for one last ration."
So I'm curious about the reaction of people who joke when Israel passes the U20 World Cup
pave the way! the israel u19 national team just successfully beat austria with a score of 4-2. This result further opened Israel's door to Indonesia for the U20 World Cup. Are they able to maintain the situation and go to Indonesia?
Israel still has the chance to qualify because it is playing at the U-19 Euro this year. it's enough to be in the top 5 to qualify for the u20 world cup next year.
israel as they qualify for the world cup u20 in indonesia next year…..
Eh how about if Israel passes the U20 World Cup
I can imagine Israel qualifying for the U20 World Cup. Indonesia must use a rantis car every match
"This is if Israel passes the U20 world cup next year how about that?"
uefa u19 2022 starts today. group a slovakia (h) romania italy france group b : england israel serbia austria there will be 5 countries that will qualify for next year's u20 world cup in indonesia
It would be exciting if Israel who passed became Europe's representative for the U20 World Cup
If Israel passes the U20 World Cup in Indonesia it will be hilarious later. auto brushed buzzrep.
If Israel qualify for the U20 World Cup next year how do you represent Europe?
The potential host for the 2021 U20 World Cup will only leave Peru and Indonesia. and I'm surprised at the comments of the supporters who are afraid of rioting. if I say as long as the opponent is not Malay it's safe. Is it time for riots whose opponents are like France Mexico etc. what are you doing? maybe Israel
Is that a game isn't it a good FIFA U20 ad RT? That was about Palestine-Israel
fifa u20 play near israel? huh? don't you go to the country of israel in this world?
"So after finishing the party in Israel yesterday the coaching team immediately flew to Istanbul Turkey w/ Spain U20 while the U21 players returned to Spain."
Euro u21 yesterday in Israel... now there is a U20 WC in Turkey :) young people are in action
"Spain's coach is really great Julie Lopetegui. After yesterday bringing the U21 European champions in Israel now I can only handle the U20 World Cup in Spain in Turkey"
ugh crazy! spain u20 players there is such a thing as israel !
the host is uefa u21 in israel. world cup u20 in Türkiye. confederation 2013 &amp; world cup 2014 in brazil.
"Germany haven't won yet tar 2014 Turkey's U20 didn't qualify U21 in Israel didn't qualify for the group stage t_t"
"As far as admin is concerned Israel is the U21 European Cup then the U20 World Cup is Turkey. Don't you believe it? It's not what it is :d"
"oh okay. this is a misunderstanding -- deu apparently playing for the u20 world cup in israel not the u21 euro cup ---"" nope ubiiii......."
"The u20 world cup rt coach in Israel is the u21 European cup right what about the coach in Turkey? U21 too right?"